src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionConnection	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectArrayIndexLoader	loadIndex	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.Table	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Table	getColumn	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Table	getColumnIndex	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	dropTable	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	addTable	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	resolveFromNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	resolveWhereNode	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	loadProperties	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	loadProperties	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	getBaseProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	resolveColumn	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	resolveFunctionIdentifier	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	resolveExpression	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	addFrom	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	addFrom	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	processQuery	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	processFromTree	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	processFromTree	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	processTable	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	generateSelectArrayForResultSet	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	populateColumnIdToFieldMap	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	null	Brain Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseArrayIndex	getRowIterator	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseArrayIndex	rowDeleted	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseArrayIndex	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseArrayIndex	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.DistinctRowIterator	populateValueList	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.SimpleRow	set	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.TableIdentifier	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.AddConstraintCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlAxionCustom	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlRemount	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlRemount	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlColumnExpression	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlCreateIndex	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlCreateSequence	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlSelect	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlUpdate	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlSumExprSelectable	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlProductExprSelectable	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlLiteral	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlLValueTerm	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlFrom	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlTableList	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlJoin	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlJoinType	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlWhereOr	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlWhereAnd	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	SqlCompareOp	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	jj_consume_token	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	jj_scan_token	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	getNextToken	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	getToken	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	jj_ntk	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	generateParseException	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParser	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.types.FileLobLocator	FileLobLocator	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntArrayIndex	find	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntArrayIndex	insertKey	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntArrayIndex	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.functions.ContainsFunction	evaluate	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	delete	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	delete	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	subdivideChild	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	null	Brain Class
src.org.axiondb.ComparisonOperator	equals	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.ColumnIdentifier	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.ColumnIdentifier	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionPreparedStatement	execute	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionPreparedStatement	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionPreparedStatement	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndexLoader	saveIndex	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree	delete	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree	subdivideChild	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree	null	Brain Class
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionDatabaseMetaData	supportsTransactionIsolationLevel	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionDatabaseMetaData	getColumns	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionDatabaseMetaData	getTables	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionDatabaseMetaData	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.event.RowEvent	getNewRow	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Database	getTable	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Database	getTable	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Database	getTransactionManager	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	iteratorsWillCycleToLast	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	iteratorsWillCycleToFirst	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	iteratorsNext	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	iteratorsPrevious	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	joinCurrent	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.SimpleJoinedRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjMoveStringLiteralDfa1_0	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjMoveStringLiteralDfa2_0	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjMoveStringLiteralDfa3_0	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjMoveStringLiteralDfa4_0	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjMoveNfa_0	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	jjFillToken	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	getNextToken	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	null	Brain Class
src.org.axiondb.parser.AxionSqlParserTokenManager	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.ClearBindVariableWhereNodeVisitor	visitLeafWhereNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.BaseDataType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskSystemTable	checkpoint	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskSystemTable	checkpoint	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskSystemTable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskSystemTable	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.DataType	accepts	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.DataType	convert	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.FindBindVariableWhereNodeVisitor	visitLeafWhereNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.tools.Console	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.tools.Console	printResultSet	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.tools.Console	main	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.tools.Console	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.LazyRowRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.UnsignedIntegerType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.functions.LikeToRegexpFunction	convertLike	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.parser.SimpleCharStream	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.Databases	runOnStartup	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactionManagerImpl	commitTransaction	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactionManagerImpl	inConflict	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactionManagerImpl	tryToApply	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.types.FloatType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.ReferencesOtherTablesWhereNodeVisitor	visitLeafWhereNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.RowIterator	next	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.RowIterator	previous	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.RowIterator	hasNext	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.RowIterator	hasPrevious	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.types.UnsignedShortType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.types.UnsignedShortType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.ChainedRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.constraints.UniqueConstraint	evaluate	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.LeafWhereNode	getLeft	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.LeafWhereNode	getRight	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.DeleteCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	applyUpdates	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	populateIndex	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	populateIndex	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	getRowIterator	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	defrag	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	glomLobs	Brain Method
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	glomLobs	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	applyInserts	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	initFiles	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	null	Brain Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskTable	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.RemountCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.BinaryBranchWhereNode	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.functions.IfThenFunction	evaluate	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.CreateIndexCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.MemoryTable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.MemoryTable	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.functions.CoalesceFunction	evaluate	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.Column	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Column	getDataType	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionStatement	execute	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionStatement	setFetchDirection	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionStatement	executeUpdate	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionStatement	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionStatement	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.AxionColumnsMetaTableUpdater	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.AxionColumnsMetaTableUpdater	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.engine.AxionTablesMetaTableUpdater	createRowForAddedTable	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.ByteType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.BaseJoinedRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.AnyType	toLong	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.AnyType	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.types.AnyType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.InWhereNode	evaluate	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.LimitingRowIterator	determineNextRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.LimitingRowIterator	determinePreviousRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.CompressedLOBType	makeBlobSource	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.CompressedLOBType	makeClobSource	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntBTreeIndex	getRowIterator	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntBTreeIndex	rowInserted	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.IntBTreeIndex	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.UpdateCommand	executeUpdate	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.UpdateCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.BigDecimalType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.ListIteratorRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.CreateTableCommand	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.CreateTableCommand	toString	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.CreateTableCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.LongType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.event.TableModifiedEvent	getTable	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.AxionTypesMetaTableUpdater	typeAdded	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	addConstraint	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	removeConstraint	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	getColumnIdentifiers	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	notifyColumnsOfNewLobDir	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	getIndexedRows	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.Row	get	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Row	getIdentifier	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.parser.ParseException	getMessage	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	addRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	getIndexedRows	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	getComparatorForWhereNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	commit	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	apply	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	deleteRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	updateRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.AbstractAcceptingRowIterator	determineNextRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.AbstractAcceptingRowIterator	determinePreviousRow	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseWhereNodeVisitor	transverseWhereNode	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectBTreeIndex	getRowIterator	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectBTreeIndex	rowInserted	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectBTreeIndex	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.Selectable	evaluate	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.Selectable	getDataType	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskDatabase	loadTables	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskDatabase	checkpoint	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskDatabase	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.DiskDatabase	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.UnsignedByteType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.types.UnsignedByteType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.ShortType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.types.TimestampType	successor	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.TimestampType	write	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.types.TimestampType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.types.LOBType	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.types.LOBType	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectArrayIndex	find	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectArrayIndex	insertKey	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.ObjectArrayIndex	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDiskTable	loadIndices	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDiskTable	parseMetaFile	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDiskTable	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseDiskTable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.SnapshotIsolationTransaction	getWrappedTable	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseIndex	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseIndex	getIndexedColumn	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.BaseIndex	isUnique	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	getRowIterator	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	supportsOperator	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	rowInserted	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	rowDeleted	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	changeRowId	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	flattenLists	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	null	God Class
src.org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	null	Data Class
src.org.axiondb.tools.Defrag	main	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree$BTreeValueIterator	hasNext	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree$BTreeValueIterator	next	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.util.BTree$BTreeValueIterator	next	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.InsertCommand	executeUpdate	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.InsertCommand	resolve	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.InsertCommand	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.InsertCommand	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.functions.BaseFunction	getArgumentCount	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.functions.BaseFunction	getArgument	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.IndexJoinedRowIterator	setNextRow	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.IndexJoinedRowIterator	setPreviousRow	Intensive Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.CollatingRowIterator	next	Feature Envy
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.CollatingRowIterator	next	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.CollatingRowIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.CollatingRowIterator	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.BaseAxionCommand	assertNotReadOnly	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.axiondb.engine.commands.BaseAxionCommand	processWhereTree	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.axiondb.types.IntegerType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionResultSet	null	God Class
