org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	Factory Method
org.axiondb.TransactionManager	Factory Method
org.axiondb.InWhereNode	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.MatchesFunction	State
org.axiondb.Row	State
org.axiondb.types.LOBType	State
org.axiondb.engine.AxionSequencesMetaTableUpdater	State
org.axiondb.RowSource	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.Index	Observer
org.axiondb.types.ClobSource	State
org.axiondb.types.LobLocator	Factory Method
org.axiondb.types.BaseDataType	Factory Method
org.axiondb.types.LobSource	Decorator
org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	Template Method
org.axiondb.RowIterator	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.types.LobSource	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.RebindableIndexedRowIterator	State
org.axiondb.engine.LazyRow	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.LowerFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.InWhereNode	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.IndexJoinedRowIterator	State
org.axiondb.RowIterator	State
org.axiondb.Column	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	Observer
org.axiondb.engine.SortedMapIndex	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.Selectable	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.UpperFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.RowIterator	Decorator
org.axiondb.functions.LowerFunction	State
org.axiondb.DataType	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.FilteringRowIterator	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.MinFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.types.LobLocatorFactory	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.DataType	State
org.axiondb.WhereNode	State
org.axiondb.engine.AxionTypesMetaTableUpdater	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.BaseIndex	Factory Method
org.axiondb.Constraint	State
org.axiondb.Table	Factory Method
org.axiondb.functions.MaxFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.LikeToRegexpFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.ComparisonOperator	Singleton
org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionResultSet	State
org.axiondb.constraints.CheckConstraint	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.RowIteratorRowDecoratorIterator	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.commands.AddConstraintCommand	State
org.axiondb.types.CompressedLobSource	Decorator
org.axiondb.engine.commands.CreateTableCommand	Composite
org.axiondb.Row	Composite
org.axiondb.Database	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.CollatingRowIterator	Composite
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.RowIteratorRowDecoratorIterator	State
org.axiondb.engine.TransactableTableImpl	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.FilteringRowIterator	State
org.axiondb.functions.ConcatFunction	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.DistinctRowIterator	State
org.axiondb.engine.AxionTypesMetaTableUpdater	State
org.axiondb.functions.MaxFunction	State
org.axiondb.TransactionManager	State
org.axiondb.engine.IntBTreeIndex	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.ComparisonOperator	State
org.axiondb.constraints.CheckConstraint	State
org.axiondb.RowDecorator	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.ChainedRowIterator	Composite
org.axiondb.ComparisonOperator	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.DelegatingRowIterator	Decorator
org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	Bridge
org.axiondb.RowComparator	State
org.axiondb.TableFactory	Factory Method
org.axiondb.functions.Base64DecodeFunction	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.AbstractAcceptingRowIterator	Template Method
org.axiondb.AxionCommand	State
org.axiondb.engine.AxionColumnsMetaTableUpdater	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.AxionTablesMetaTableUpdater	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.AxionCommand	Composite
org.axiondb.Selectable	Decorator
org.axiondb.types.BlobSource	State
org.axiondb.FunctionFactory	Factory Method
org.axiondb.engine.BaseArrayIndex	Template Method
org.axiondb.engine.TransactionManagerImpl	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.WhereNode	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.Index	State
org.axiondb.IndexLoader	Factory Method
org.axiondb.event.DatabaseModificationListener	Bridge
org.axiondb.types.LOBType	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.ConcatFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.AxionTablesMetaTableUpdater	State
org.axiondb.functions.Base64DecodeFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.ObjectBTreeIndex	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.SnapshotIsolationTransaction	State
org.axiondb.types.LobLocatorFactory	Factory Method
org.axiondb.engine.TransactionManagerImpl	State
org.axiondb.engine.LazyRow	State
org.axiondb.LeafWhereNode	State
org.axiondb.engine.commands.SelectCommand	State
org.axiondb.util.BTree	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionConnection	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.AbstractFilteringRowIterator	Template Method
org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	Factory Method
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.TransformingRowIterator	Template Method
org.axiondb.jdbc.AbstractAxionClob	Template Method
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.JoinedRow	Composite
org.axiondb.engine.AxionColumnsMetaTableUpdater	State
org.axiondb.functions.MinFunction	State
org.axiondb.LeafWhereNode	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.types.BaseDataType	Template Method
org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionPreparedStatement	State
org.axiondb.engine.BaseDiskTable	Template Method
org.axiondb.types.ClobSource	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.UpperFunction	State
org.axiondb.engine.rowiterators.ChangingIndexedRowIterator	State
org.axiondb.Index	Factory Method
org.axiondb.RowIterator	Composite
org.axiondb.Database	State
org.axiondb.event.DatabaseModificationListener	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.functions.LikeToRegexpFunction	State
org.axiondb.engine.AxionSequencesMetaTableUpdater	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.types.AnyType	Singleton
org.axiondb.RowSource	State
org.axiondb.types.LobSource	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.types.LobLocatorFactory	State
org.axiondb.functions.ContainsFunction	State
org.axiondb.Selectable	State
org.axiondb.engine.BaseTable	Template Method
org.axiondb.engine.BaseDatabase	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.engine.Databases	Singleton
org.axiondb.expression.Expression	Decorator
org.axiondb.IndexFactory	Factory Method
org.axiondb.util.ObjectBTree	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.RowDecoratorIterator	State
org.axiondb.functions.ContainsFunction	(Object)Adapter
org.axiondb.Table	State
org.axiondb.jdbc.AxionDatabaseMetaData	State
