org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	makeBag	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	createBidiMap	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	makeEmptyBidiMap	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.BidiMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.BidiMap	mapIterator	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.IterableMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.IterableMap	mapIterator	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedBidiMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedBidiMap	inverseOrderedBidiMap	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedMap	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedMap	orderedMapIterator	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.BooleanComparator	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.BooleanComparator	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.BooleanComparator	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.ComparableComparator	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.ComparableComparator	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	hasNext	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	remove	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	getKey	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	getValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map$FlatMapIterator	setValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap$LinkEntry	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	firstKey	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	lastKey	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	nextKey	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractLinkedMap	previousKey	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$AVLNode	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	previous	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractLinkedList$Node	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractLinkedList$LinkedListIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractLinkedList$LinkedListIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractLinkedList$LinkedListIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractLinkedList$LinkedListIterator	previous	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.list.TreeList$TreeListIterator	previous	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.SingletonMap	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.SingletonMap$SingletonMapIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.SingletonMap$SingletonMapIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.SingletonMap$SingletonMapIterator	previous	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.TreeBidiMap	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.TreeBidiMap$ViewIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.TreeBidiMap$ViewIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.TreeBidiMap$ViewIterator	previous	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap$BidiOrderedMapIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap$BidiOrderedMapIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.DualTreeBidiMap$BidiOrderedMapIterator	reset	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap$BidiMapIterator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap$BidiMapIterator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap$BidiMapIterator	setValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	checkSetValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	evaluate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	evaluate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	execute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	execute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	transform	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	execute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Factory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	transform	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	checkSetValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap$TestInverseBidiMap	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap$TestInverseBidiMap	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap$TestInverseBidiMap	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap$TestInverseBidiMap	makeEmptyBidiMap	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedMapIterator	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractOrderedMapIteratorDecorator	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractOrderedMapIteratorDecorator	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractOrderedMapIteratorDecorator	hasPrevious	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractOrderedMapIteratorDecorator	previous	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.OrderedMapIterator	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIterator	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIterator	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIterator	hasPrevious	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableOrderedMapIterator	previous	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.MapIterator	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	hasNext	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	next	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	remove	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	getKey	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	getValue	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractMapIteratorDecorator	setValue	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.MapIterator	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	hasNext	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	next	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	getKey	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.UnmodifiableMapIterator	getValue	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.AndPredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.AndPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.AndPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.AndPredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NotPredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NotPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NotPredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsExceptionPredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsExceptionPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsExceptionPredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsFalsePredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsFalsePredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsFalsePredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsTruePredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsTruePredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.NullIsTruePredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.OrPredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.OrPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.OrPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.OrPredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	transform	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.PriorityQueue	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	clear	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	isEmpty	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	insert	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	peek	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.SynchronizedPriorityQueue	pop	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ForClosure	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ForClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ForClosure	execute	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	execute	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	execute	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	Component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	component	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	execute	Operation()	Decorator
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBlockingBuffer$ReadThread	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Buffer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBlockingBuffer$ReadThread	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBlockingBuffer$ReadThread	run	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBoundedBuffer$DelayedRemove	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Buffer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBoundedBuffer$DelayedRemove	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.buffer.TestBoundedBuffer$DelayedRemove	run	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterListIterator	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterListIterator	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterListIterator	setNextObject	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterListIterator	setPreviousObject	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.TransformingComparator	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.TransformingComparator	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.TransformingComparator	compare	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.ObjectGraphIterator	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.ObjectGraphIterator	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.ObjectGraphIterator	updateCurrentIterator	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.ObjectGraphIterator	findNextByIterator	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.TransformIterator	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.TransformIterator	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.TransformIterator	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.LazyMap	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.LazyMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.LazyMap	get	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	transformKey	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	transformValue	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.TransformedMap	checkSetValue	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchTransformer	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformedPredicate	evaluate	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.PredicateTransformer	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.PredicateTransformer	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.PredicateTransformer	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerPredicate	evaluate	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection$CollectionMutator	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection	add	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection	remove	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.CompositeCollection	addAll	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.IfClosure	execute	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.SwitchClosure	execute	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.WhileClosure	execute	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractInputCheckedMapDecorator$MapEntry	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractInputCheckedMapDecorator	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractInputCheckedMapDecorator$MapEntry	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractInputCheckedMapDecorator$MapEntry	setValue	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap$MapMutator	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap	addComposited	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap	put	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.CompositeMap	putAll	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.MultiValueMap	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Factory	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.MultiValueMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.MultiValueMap	createCollection	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Closure	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.ClosureTransformer	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.TransformerClosure	execute	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Factory	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.functors.FactoryTransformer	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterIterator	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterIterator	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.FilterIterator	setNextObject	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.list.LazyList	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Factory	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.list.LazyList	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.list.LazyList	get	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.PredicatedCollection	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.PredicatedCollection	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.PredicatedCollection	validate	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Transformer	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.TransformedCollection	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.TransformedCollection	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.TransformedCollection	transform	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	null	Context	State
org.apache.commons.collections.Predicate	null	State	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	null	state	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	validate	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.map.PredicatedMap	checkSetValue	Request()	State
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testObjectEqualsSelf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testEqualsNull	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testObjectHashCodeEqualsSelfHashCode	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testObjectHashCodeEqualsContract	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testSerializeDeserializeThenCompare	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testSimpleSerialization	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testCanonicalEmptyCollectionExists	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.AbstractTestObject	testCanonicalFullCollectionExists	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	makeObject	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testBagAdd	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testBagEqualsSelf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testRemove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testRemoveAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testContains	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testContainsAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testSize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testRetainAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testIteratorFail	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testIteratorFailNoMore	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testIteratorFailDoubleRemove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testIteratorRemoveProtectsInvariants	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testToArray	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testToArrayPopulate	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testEquals	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testEqualsHashBag	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testHashCode	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testEmptyBagSerialization	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testFullBagSerialization	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testEmptyBagCompatibility	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bag.AbstractTestBag	testFullBagCompatibility	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractDualBidiMap	inverseBidiMap	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	makeFullBidiMap	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	makeEmptyMap	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.bidimap.AbstractTestBidiMap	testBidiPut	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	resetEmpty	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	resetFull	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	makeFullCollection	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	makeObject	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.collection.AbstractTestCollection	testSerializeDeserializeThenCompare	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	makeObject	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	testEmptyListSort	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	testReverseListSort	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	testRandomListSort	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	testComparatorIsSerializable	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.comparators.AbstractTestComparator	testComparatorCompatibility	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.DoubleOrderedMap$DoubleOrderedMapIterator	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.DoubleOrderedMap$DoubleOrderedMapIterator	next	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	clear	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	remove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	removeAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	retainAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	size	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	isEmpty	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	contains	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	containsAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	toArray	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	toArray	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	equals	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastHashMap$CollectionView	hashCode	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	clear	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	remove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	removeAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	retainAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	size	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	isEmpty	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	contains	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	containsAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	toArray	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	toArray	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	equals	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.FastTreeMap$CollectionView	hashCode	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestIterator	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestIterator	makeObject	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestIterator	testEmptyIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestIterator	testFullIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestIterator	testRemove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	makeEmptyIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	makeFullIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testEmptyListIteratorIsIndeedEmpty	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testWalkForwardAndBack	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testAdd	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testRemoveThenSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testAddThenSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestListIterator	testAddThenRemove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	makeEmptyIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	makeFullIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testEmptyMapIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testFullMapIterator	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testMapIteratorSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testRemove	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testMapIteratorSetRemoveSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testMapIteratorRemoveGetKey	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.iterators.AbstractTestMapIterator	testMapIteratorRemoveGetValue	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	makeFullList	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	makeCollection	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testListAddByIndexBoundsChecking	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testListEquals	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testListGetByIndexBoundsChecking	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testListSetByIndexBoundsChecking	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testListRemoveByIndexBoundsChecking	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testEmptyListSerialization	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.list.AbstractTestList	testEmptyListCompatibility	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	makeFullMap	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	makeObject	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	testMakeMap	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	testEmptyMapCompatibility	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractTestMap	resetEmpty	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.set.AbstractTestSet	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.set.AbstractTestSet	makeFullSet	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.set.AbstractTestSet	makeCollection	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestLinkedList	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestLinkedList	makeEmptyList	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestLinkedList	makeFullLinkedList	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestTypedCollection	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestTypedCollection	testIllegalAdd	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.TestTypedCollection	testIllegalAddAll	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map	null	Proxy	Proxy
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractHashedMap	null	RealSubject	Proxy
org.apache.commons.collections.map.Flat3Map	mapIterator	Request()	Proxy
org.apache.commons.collections.map.MultiKeyMap	null	Proxy	Proxy
org.apache.commons.collections.map.AbstractHashedMap	null	RealSubject	Proxy
org.apache.commons.collections.map.MultiKeyMap	mapIterator	Request()	Proxy
