cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer3DConsumer	Decorator
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	Bridge
hep.aida.bin.QuantileBin1D	State
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	Factory Method
cern.colt.matrix.impl.WrapperDoubleMatrix1D	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory3D	Singleton
cern.jet.random.VonMises	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	State
hep.aida.bin.AbstractBin1D	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Factory Method
hep.aida.bin.AbstractBin	Template Method
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	(Object)Adapter
cern.jet.random.Beta	Singleton
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractFormatter	Template Method
cern.jet.random.Uniform	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer3D	Decorator
cern.colt.buffer.ObjectBufferConsumer	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	Template Method
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram1D	(Object)Adapter
cern.jet.random.StudentT	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer3D	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Template Method
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer	Proxy2
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBufferConsumer	Decorator
cern.colt.buffer.ObjectBuffer	Decorator
cern.jet.random.Normal	Singleton
cern.jet.stat.quantile.Buffer	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory1D	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer2DConsumer	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	State
cern.colt.list.DistinctNumberList	Proxy
cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Sorting	Singleton
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	Bridge
cern.colt.map.AbstractIntObjectMap	Template Method
cern.colt.map.AbstractLongObjectMap	Template Method
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer	Proxy2
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer2DConsumer	Decorator
cern.jet.random.Poisson	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.IntBufferConsumer	Proxy2
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	Factory Method
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	Factory Method
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory3D	Singleton
cern.jet.random.Binomial	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBufferConsumer	Proxy2
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Singleton
cern.jet.random.AbstractDiscreteDistribution	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.objectalgo.Sorting	Singleton
cern.colt.map.AbstractIntIntMap	Template Method
cern.colt.function.DoubleFunction	State
cern.colt.list.AbstractBooleanList	Template Method
cern.jet.random.PoissonSlow	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Decorator
cern.jet.random.AbstractDistribution	Prototype
cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Template Method
cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleQuantileFinder	State
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Factory Method
cern.jet.random.Gamma	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.impl.WrapperDoubleMatrix2D	Decorator
cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Proxy2
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	State
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Template Method
hep.aida.IAxis	Bridge
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer2D	Decorator
cern.clhep.PhysicalConstants	Singleton
cern.colt.list.AbstractByteList	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Factory Method
cern.jet.random.NegativeBinomial	Singleton
cern.colt.list.AbstractShortList	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.QRDecomposition	State
cern.jet.random.ExponentialPower	Singleton
cern.jet.random.ChiSquare	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.impl.FormerFactory$1	(Object)Adapter
cern.jet.math.IntFunctions	Singleton
cern.colt.list.MinMaxNumberList	Proxy
cern.colt.buffer.IntBufferConsumer	Decorator
cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Proxy2
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Transform	Singleton
cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleQuantileEstimator	Template Method
cern.colt.function.DoubleDoubleFunction	State
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory2D	Singleton
hep.aida.bin.QuantileBin1D	Prototype
cern.jet.random.Hyperbolic	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Blas	Decorator
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Template Method
cern.colt.list.AbstractFloatList	Template Method
cern.colt.map.AbstractIntDoubleMap	Template Method
cern.jet.random.Exponential	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer3DConsumer	Decorator
cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSampler	Prototype
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram1D	Bridge
cern.jet.random.engine.RandomEngine	Template Method
cern.colt.buffer.IntBuffer2D	Decorator
cern.colt.list.AbstractCharList	Template Method
cern.jet.random.AbstractDistribution	Template Method
cern.jet.random.BreitWigner	Singleton
cern.colt.list.AbstractCollection	Template Method
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Factory Method
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Singleton
cern.colt.list.AbstractDoubleList	Template Method
cern.jet.random.Zeta	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory1D	Singleton
cern.jet.math.Functions	State
hep.aida.bin.BinFunctions1D	Singleton
cern.jet.random.HyperGeometric	Singleton
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Template Method
cern.jet.math.Functions	Singleton
cern.colt.buffer.DoubleBuffer	Decorator
hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	(Object)Adapter
cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Factory Method
cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Singleton
cern.colt.list.AbstractIntList	Template Method
hep.aida.IAxis	(Object)Adapter
cern.jet.random.engine.RandomEngine	Prototype
corejava.Format	(Object)Adapter
cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleQuantileFinder	Prototype
cern.colt.list.AbstractLongList	Template Method
cern.jet.random.Logarithmic	Singleton
cern.colt.map.AbstractDoubleIntMap	Template Method
cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleQuantileFinder	Factory Method
cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SmpBlas	Decorator
