src.cern.jet.random.engine.RandomSeedGenerator	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.bin.DynamicBin1D	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.bin.DynamicBin1D	God Class
src.hep.aida.bin.DynamicBin1D	Data Class
src.hep.aida.bin.DynamicBin1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractIntList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractIntList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractIntList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.QRDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.QRDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.QRDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.QRDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.ref.Test	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Property	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseObjectMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.FloatArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.FloatArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory2D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.random.Empirical	Data Class
src.cern.jet.random.Empirical	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.WrapperDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseDoubleMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseDoubleMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SingularValueDecomposition	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SingularValueDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseObjectMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.bench.BenchmarkMatrix	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseObjectMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.PersistentObject	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractByteList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractByteList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix2D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.EquiDepthHistogram	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.math.IntFunctions	Data Class
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractLongObjectMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.map.PrimeFinder	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.random.Binomial	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.Binomial	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.jet.random.Binomial	God Class
src.cern.jet.random.Binomial	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.map.OpenIntDoubleHashMap	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitVector	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitVector	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitVector	Data Class
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitVector	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitVector	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TestMatrix2D	God Class
src.cern.jet.random.HyperGeometric	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.HyperGeometric	God Class
src.cern.jet.random.HyperGeometric	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.ByteArrayList	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.list.ByteArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.ByteArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseObjectMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.BooleanArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.BooleanArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.engine.RandomEngine	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.UnknownDoubleQuantileEstimator	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.UnknownDoubleQuantileEstimator	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedDenseDoubleMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseObjectMatrix1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseObjectMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory2D	Tradition Breaker
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleFactory1D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.list.ShortArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.ShortArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectFactory1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseDoubleMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.function.DoubleFunction	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix1D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.function.ObjectFunction	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.jet.math.Arithmetic	God Class
src.cern.jet.math.Arithmetic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.math.Arithmetic	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractBooleanList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractBooleanList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractDoubleIntMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSampler	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSampler	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSampler	Brain Class
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSampler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntIntMap	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntIntMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix3D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.random.Normal	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseDoubleMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.Probability	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.Probability	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.CholeskyDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.Descriptive	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.stat.Descriptive	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.Descriptive	God Class
src.cern.jet.stat.Descriptive	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseObjectMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseObjectMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	God Class
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram3D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	God Class
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderFactory	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix2D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.GenericSortingTest	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.GenericSortingTest	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.GenericSortingTest	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractFloatList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractFloatList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.BenchmarkMatrix2D	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.Poisson	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.Poisson	God Class
src.cern.jet.random.Poisson	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.RandomSamplingAssistant	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.sampling.WeightedRandomSampler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.GenericPermuting	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.list.CharArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.CharArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.FixedAxis	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.ref.FixedAxis	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractCharList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractCharList	Tradition Breaker
src.hep.aida.IHistogram1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseDoubleMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntDoubleMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntDoubleMap	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntDoubleMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.LUDecompositionQuick	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Diagonal	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.random.Fun	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.Arrays	God Class
src.cern.jet.math.Bessel	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.math.Bessel	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.math.Bessel	God Class
src.cern.jet.math.Bessel	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.math.Bessel	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.RCMDoubleMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.RCMDoubleMatrix2D	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.RCMDoubleMatrix2D	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.RCMDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.IntArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.Quantile1Test	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractLongList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractLongList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractLongList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.random.AbstractDistribution	Shotgun Surgery
src.hep.aida.ref.Converter	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.ref.Converter	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.WrapperDoubleMatrix1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.WrapperDoubleMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix2D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix2D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.IAxis	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.jet.math.Functions	God Class
src.cern.jet.math.Functions	Data Class
src.cern.jet.random.EmpiricalWalker	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.EmpiricalWalker	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.Algebra	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleQuantileEstimator	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractShortList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractShortList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SeqBlas	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SeqBlas	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SeqBlas	God Class
src.hep.aida.ref.VariableAxis	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.ref.VariableAxis	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseObjectMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.function.ObjectObjectFunction	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SmpBlas	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.SmpBlas	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.map.AbstractIntObjectMap	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractFormatter	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractFormatter	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractFormatter	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractFormatter	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.ExactDoubleQuantileFinder	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.PoissonSlow	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.bin.MightyStaticBin1D	God Class
src.hep.aida.bin.MightyStaticBin1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.bin.MightyStaticBin1D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedDenseObjectMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.bin.AbstractBin	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.Timer	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.Timer	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.Timer	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.Timer	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.Timer	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TridiagonalDoubleMatrix2D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TridiagonalDoubleMatrix2D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.TridiagonalDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleBufferSet	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleBufferSet	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.DoubleBufferSet	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Statistic	Data Class
src.cern.jet.random.Uniform	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.jet.random.Uniform	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.random.Uniform	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.Histogram1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseObjectMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseObjectMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderTest	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderTest	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileFinderTest	Dispersed Coupling
src.cern.jet.random.ChiSquare	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedSparseDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix3D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.DenseDoubleMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.function.DoubleProcedure	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix1D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Intensive Coupling
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.linalg.EigenvalueDecomposition	Brain Method
src.corejava.Format	Brain Method
src.corejava.Format	God Class
src.corejava.Format	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.list.ObjectArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.ObjectArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.ObjectArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.ObjectArrayList	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.list.LongArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.LongArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Feature Envy
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.DoubleMatrix3D	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.function.DoubleDoubleFunction	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.doublealgo.Transform	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitMatrix	Brain Method
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitMatrix	God Class
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitMatrix	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.bitvector.BitMatrix	Tradition Breaker
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.RCDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.MinMaxNumberList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.KnownDoubleQuantileEstimator	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Data Class
src.cern.colt.list.DoubleArrayList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SparseObjectMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.AbstractMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.bin.AbstractBin1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.Histogram3D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	God Class
src.hep.aida.ref.AbstractHistogram2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractDoubleList	Shotgun Surgery
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractDoubleList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.list.AbstractDoubleList	Tradition Breaker
src.hep.aida.ref.Histogram2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.random.Beta	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.random.Beta	God Class
src.cern.jet.random.Beta	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	Brain Method
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	Feature Envy
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	God Class
src.cern.jet.stat.quantile.QuantileCalc	Brain Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedDenseObjectMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.impl.SelectedDenseDoubleMatrix2D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.hep.aida.bin.QuantileBin1D	Brain Method
src.hep.aida.bin.QuantileBin1D	Feature Envy
src.hep.aida.bin.QuantileBin1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	God Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	Data Class
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	Refused Parent Bequest
src.cern.colt.matrix.ObjectMatrix1D	Tradition Breaker
