at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawingPanel	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.interfaces.SWFTags	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font$Chars	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Picture	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Picture	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Picture	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Picture	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.drawswf.LineWidthChooser$JLinePanel	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$OutCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionTextWriter	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionTextWriter	Data Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFTagDumper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFTagDumper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFTagDumper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFTagDumper	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFTagDumper	Data Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Frame	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Frame	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Refused Parent Bequest
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Font	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.LinearGradientPaint	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.LinearGradientPaint	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Brain Method
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.ActionParser	Brain Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.FormatRed	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	God Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Brain Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.GraphicsUtil	Data Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.BufferedImageCachableRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.BufferedImageCachableRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.BufferedImageCachableRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.BufferedImageCachableRed	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawMenuBar	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.ADPCMEncodeStream	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.PropertiesDialog	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$XorCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffDesktopTheme	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffDesktopTheme	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder$ShapeBuilder	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObjectFactory	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObjectFactory	Brain Method
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObjectFactory	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObjectFactory	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObjectFactory	Data Class
at.bestsolution.drawswf.actions.SetDrawingModeAction	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Symbol	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Symbol	Shotgun Surgery
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder	God Class
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffListUI	Dispersed Coupling
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffListUI	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFActionsImpl	Data Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape$FillStyle	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Button$Layer	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.structs.AlphaColor	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.PluginLoader	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.MovieClip	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.MovieClip	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.GradientJButton	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectList	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectList	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectList	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.actions.GraphicTemplateAction	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.StraightLine	Refused Parent Bequest
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.MovieBuilder$ClipActionBuilder	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.EditField	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.EditField	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.EditField	Refused Parent Bequest
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.ADPCMHelper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.ADPCMHelper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.interfaces.SWFActions	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.flash.interfaces.SWFActions	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.flash.interfaces.SWFActions	Data Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.PadRed	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.PadRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.PadRed	God Class
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTreeUI	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTreeUI	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffInternalFrameUI$PaletteListener	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.actions.FileAction	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.util.ExtensionsClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectTableCellEditor$ColorDelegate	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectTableCellEditor$ColorDelegate	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.interfaces.SWFHeader	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.OutStream	God Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$AtopCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$ButtonActionWriter	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileGrid	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$Font2ShapeImpl	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$ScreenCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AffineRed	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.drawswf.util.DrawSWFConfig	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TranslateRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TranslateRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TranslateRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TranslateRed	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.dialog.PreviewPanel	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Refused Parent Bequest
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.MP3Frame	Data Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$SWFTextImpl	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$SWFTextImpl	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$MultiplyCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$SpriteTags	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.TagParser	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.TagParser	Brain Method
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.TagParser	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.TagParser	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.TagParser	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$SWFShapeImpl	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$SWFShapeImpl	Data Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.MultiplyAlphaRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.MultiplyAlphaRed	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.MultiplyAlphaRed	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.MultiplyAlphaRed	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$OverCompositeContext	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.actions.SaveSWFAction	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.Any2sRGBRed	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.Any2sRGBRed	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.Any2sRGBRed	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Rectangle	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.dialog.FilePreviewer	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.dialog.FilePreviewer	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.MP3Helper	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.MP3Helper	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.MP3Helper	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.MP3Helper	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$InCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.util.Base64	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileMap	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.icon.SolidColoredIcon	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.icon.SolidColoredIcon	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.icon.SolidColoredIcon	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionWriter	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionWriter	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionWriter	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.ActionWriter	Data Class
at.bestsolution.drawswf.dialog.FontDialog	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.dialog.FontDialog	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.menu.DrawToolsMenu	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.RawHelper	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.sound.RawHelper	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite	Data Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractRed	God Class
at.bestsolution.drawswf.actions.NewFileAction	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.readers.SWFReader	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Ellipse	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaint	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaint	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaint	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaint	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaint	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Shotgun Surgery
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Intensive Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.DrawObject	God Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$DarkenCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.FastGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.util.BestsolutionConfiguration	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$LightenCompositeContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.SystemFontDefinition	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.structs.AlphaTransform	Refused Parent Bequest
at.bestsolution.drawswf.DrawObjectTableCellEditor	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.CachableRed	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Placement	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.structs.SoundInfo	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffMenuUI	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Line	Dispersed Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Line	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Line	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Line	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.drawobjects.Line	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.LRUCache	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.LRUCache	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.PadRed$ZeroRecter_INT_PACK	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Movie	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Movie	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Movie	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Movie	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Movie	God Class
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.SWFWriter	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.GradientJRadioButtonMenuItem	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.io.InStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.InStream	Shotgun Surgery
com.anotherbigidea.io.InStream	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.LinearGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.LinearGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.writers.TagWriter$MorphShapeImpl	Intensive Coupling
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffToggleButtonUI	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.MorphShape	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.icon.GradientIcon	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.icon.GradientIcon	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffButtonUI	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.SVGComposite$OverCompositeContext_NA	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.menu.DrawMovieMenu	Feature Envy
at.bestsolution.drawswf.MainWindow	Dispersed Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.FontDefinition	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.ImageUtil	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.ImageUtil	Brain Method
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.ImageUtil	Dispersed Coupling
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTabbedPaneUI	Intensive Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.FlashGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.TileCache	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	God Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.MultipleGradientPaintContext	Brain Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	God Class
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Refused Parent Bequest
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.AbstractTiledRed	Tradition Breaker
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Feature Envy
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Intensive Coupling
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Refused Parent Bequest
com.anotherbigidea.flash.movie.Shape	Tradition Breaker
at.bestsolution.ext.swing.GradientJRadioButton	Feature Envy
com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffInternalFrameUI	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.image.rendered.Any2LsRGBRed	Intensive Coupling
at.bestsolution.drawswf.toolbar.DrawMovieToolbar	Feature Envy
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
org.apache.batik.ext.awt.RadialGradientPaintContext	Brain Method
at.bestsolution.drawswf.plugin.remotesave.dialog.RemoteSaveDialog	Dispersed Coupling
