core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$methodHeader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$OptDefMetadata	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$OptDefMetadata	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$OptDefMetadata	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$OptDefMetadata	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.lib.Types	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Files	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Files	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Files	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.AttributeSet	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.HTMLDocument	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	Tradition Breaker
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.IItem	Shotgun Surgery
core.java13.com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager$SunJREExitHookManager	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.AttributeSet$AttributeSetImpl	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$LOOKUPSWITCH	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.AbstractClassDefVisitor	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Brain Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner	Tradition Breaker
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	Data Class
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ResourceLoader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ResourceLoader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ResourceLoader	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.MergeProcessor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.MergeProcessor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	Brain Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	Tradition Breaker
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.parser.ClassDefParser$classParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.AppLoggers	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$MetadataParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$MetadataParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$MetadataParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$MetadataParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$MetadataParser	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.CoverageData	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.CoverageData	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Opts	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Opts	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ParsedProperties	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ParsedProperties	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ParsedProperties	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ParsedProperties	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ParsedProperties	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor	Tradition Breaker
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Property$SystemPropertyLookup	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.DataFactory	Brain Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.mergeCommand	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.mergeCommand	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.lib.UDataInputStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.IItemMetadata	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Strings	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Strings	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Brain Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.util.exception.ExceptionCommon	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.exception.ExceptionCommon	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.instrCommand	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.instrCommand	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.CoverageOptionsFactory	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.CoverageOptionsFactory	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.IItemAttribute$Factory$FractionAttribute$FractionComparator	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.AbstractReportGenerator	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.AbstractReportGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
tools.java.com.vladium.tools.ClassDep	Dispersed Coupling
tools.java.com.vladium.tools.ClassDep	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Brain Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	Tradition Breaker
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IProperties	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.RTCoverageDataPersister	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.Command	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.Command	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.Command	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.reportCommand	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.reportCommand	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.emma	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntSet	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntSet	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntSet	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntSet	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties$ReportPropertyMapper	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ByteArrayIStream	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ObjectIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ObjectIntMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.MetaData	Intensive Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.MetaData	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.data.MetaData	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.MethodItem	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.MethodItem	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.MethodItem	Refused Parent Bequest
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.RTExitHook	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntObjectMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntObjectMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntObjectMap	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntObjectMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IntObjectMap	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	Data Class
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.lib.UDataOutputStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.EMMAProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.AttributeCollection	Data Class
core.java12.com.vladium.util.SoftValueMap	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.runCommand	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.runCommand	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.runCommand	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter$Factory$WCInclExclFilter	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.report.IItemAttribute$Factory$FractionAttribute	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Shotgun Surgery
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	Dispersed Coupling
core.java12.com.vladium.logging.Logger	God Class
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Descriptors	Feature Envy
core.java12.com.vladium.util.Descriptors	Brain Method
core.java12.com.vladium.jcd.lib.Types$typeDescriptorCompiler	Dispersed Coupling
