com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.HTMLTable$IRow	null	Creator	Factory Method
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.HTMLTable$IRow	newCell	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
com.vladium.emma.report.IReportDataModel	null	Creator	Factory Method
com.vladium.emma.report.IReportDataModel	getView	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	null	Creator	Factory Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	iterator	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
com.vladium.util.args.IOptsParser	null	Creator	Factory Method
com.vladium.util.args.IOptsParser	parse	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IInterfaceCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IMethodCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IFieldCollection	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IExceptionHandlerTable	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	Client	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IDeclaredExceptionTable	null	Prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	prototype	Prototype
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	clone	Operation()	Prototype
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.ItemComparator	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.ItemComparator	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Attribute	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.ItemComparator	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.emma.report.ItemComparator	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$Token	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	Singleton	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
com.vladium.util.IntVector	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	get	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	size	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	clone	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	add	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	set	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser$OptDefMetadata	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	usage	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.args.OptsParser	parse	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$BlockSegment	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$BlockSegment	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$BlockSegment	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$BlockSegment	emit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$clinitHeader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$clinitHeader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$clinitHeader	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$clinitHeader	emit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.ByteArrayOStream	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$methodHeader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$methodHeader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$methodHeader	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$methodHeader	emit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	writeInClassFormat	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	toString	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	writeInClassFormat	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IFieldCollection	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	writeInClassFormat	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.ObjectIntMap	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	set	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	add	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	visit	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IntVector	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	get	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	size	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	clone	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	add	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.DeclaredExceptionTable	set	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$IPathHandler	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	enumerate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IExceptionHandlerTable	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IDeclaredExceptionTable	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	length	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.logging.Logger	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	enumerate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	processClassDef	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	getView	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	processClassDef	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.data.ICoverageData	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	getView	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	processClassDef	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IProperties$IMapper	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	getProperty	Request()	(Object)Adapter
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessor$OutMode	null	Receiver	Command
com.vladium.emma.instr.instrCommand	null	ConcreteCommand	Command
com.vladium.emma.instr.instrCommand	null	receiver	Command
com.vladium.emma.instr.instrCommand	run	Execute()	Command
com.vladium.emma.report.IItem	null	Component	Composite
com.vladium.emma.report.Item	null	Composite	Composite
com.vladium.emma.report.Item	getAggregate	Operation()	Composite
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.IContent	null	Observer	Observer
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.IElement$Factory$ElementImpl	null	Subject	Observer
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.IElement$Factory$ElementImpl	emit	Notify()	Observer
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.report.IReportGenerator	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	run	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Branch	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	emit	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.AttributeSet	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	emit	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.Tag	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	toString	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.html.doc.ISimpleElement$Factory$SimpleElementImpl	emit	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$CodeSegment	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrVisitor$Block	emit	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	isSynthetic	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	isNested	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	isSynthetic	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Field_info	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	isSynthetic	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	isBridge	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	toString	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.Method_info	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	_run	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.report.IReportGenerator	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportProcessor	_run	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IAttributeCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	length	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	toString	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IConstantCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	getThisClass	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	getSuperClass	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	computeSUID	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addCONSTANT_Utf8	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addStringConstant	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addNameType	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addClassref	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addFieldref	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addFieldref	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.GenericCfg	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.GenericCfg	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.GenericCfg	getGenericSettings	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.VerbosityCfg	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.VerbosityCfg	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.ant.VerbosityCfg	getSettings	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.ICoverageData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	run	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IFieldCollection	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	getFields	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addField	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addField	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	addFieldref	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.AppRunner$AppRunnerExitHook	run	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	Context	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$IPathHandler	null	State	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	null	state	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	enumerate	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	enumeratePathDir	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IPathEnumerator$Factory$PathEnumerator	enumeratePathArchive	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IExceptionHandlerTable	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	length	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST$Job	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.instr.InstrProcessorST	drainJobQueue	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.IClassLoadHook	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	findClass	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	Context	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IDeclaredExceptionTable	null	State	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	state	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	length	Request()	State
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	clone	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	processClassDef	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoader	loadClass	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setUnits	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setDepth	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setColumns	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setSort	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setMetrics	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setOutfile	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg	setEncoding	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleArchiveEntry	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.ClassPathProcessorST	handleFile	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.IMetaData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	getView	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter$Factory$WCInclExclFilter	null	Context	State
com.vladium.util.WCMatcher	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter$Factory$WCInclExclFilter	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter$Factory$WCInclExclFilter	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter$Factory$WCInclExclFilter	included	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.data.ICoverageData	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportDataModel	getView	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	Context	State
com.vladium.emma.filter.IInclExclFilter	null	State	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	null	state	State
com.vladium.emma.rt.InstrClassLoadHook	processClassDef	Request()	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	null	Context	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties$IMapper	null	State	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	null	state	State
com.vladium.util.IProperties$Factory$PropertiesImpl	getProperty	Request()	State
com.vladium.emma.Processor	null	Abstraction	Bridge
com.vladium.util.IProperties	null	Implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.Processor	null	implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.Processor	run	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.util.ClassLoaderResolver	null	Abstraction	Bridge
com.vladium.util.IClassLoadStrategy	null	Implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.util.ClassLoaderResolver	null	implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.util.ClassLoaderResolver	getClassLoader	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.util.ClassLoaderResolver	getClassLoader	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	null	Abstraction	Bridge
com.vladium.util.IProperties	null	Implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	null	implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setUnits	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setDepth	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setColumns	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setSort	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setMetrics	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setOutfile	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	setEncoding	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.report.ReportCfg$Element	processGenericSettings	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	null	Abstraction	Bridge
com.vladium.util.exit.ExitHookManager	null	Implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	null	implementor	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.rt.RT	reset	Operation()	Bridge
com.vladium.emma.Command	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Command	usageexit	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Processor	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Processor	run	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.Attribute_info	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.Attribute_info	writeInClassFormat	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	writeInClassFormat	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	tagToString	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Command	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Command	usageexit	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Processor	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.emma.Processor	run	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.Attribute_info	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.Attribute_info	writeInClassFormat	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	writeInClassFormat	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_info	tagToString	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Class_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Class_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Double_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Double_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Fieldref_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Fieldref_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Float_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Float_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Integer_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Integer_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_InterfaceMethodref_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_InterfaceMethodref_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Long_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Long_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Methodref_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Methodref_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_NameAndType_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_NameAndType_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_String_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_String_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.ICONSTANTVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Utf8_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.constant.CONSTANT_Utf8_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.AllItem	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.IItemVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.AllItem	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.IItemVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.ClassItem	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.MethodItem	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.IItemVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.MethodItem	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.PackageItem	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.IItemVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.PackageItem	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.IItemVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.emma.report.SrcFileItem	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.BridgeAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.BridgeAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.CodeAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ConstantValueAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ConstantValueAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.GenericAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.GenericAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.InnerClassesAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.InnerClassesAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.LineNumberTableAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.LineNumberTableAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.SourceFileAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.SourceFileAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.IAttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.SyntheticAttribute_info	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.attribute.SyntheticAttribute_info	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ClassDef	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.InterfaceCollection	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.MethodCollection	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.MethodCollection	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.AttributeCollection	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.AttributeCollection	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.ConstantCollection	accept	Accept()	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.FieldCollection	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.IClassDefVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
com.vladium.jcd.cls.FieldCollection	accept	Accept()	Visitor
