src.fit.TypeAdapter	Data Class
src.fit.FileRunnerTest	Feature Envy
src.eg.ColumnIndex	Dispersed Coupling
src.eg.AllPairs	Refused Parent Bequest
src.fit.RowFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.RowFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.RowFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.RowFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.RowFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.RowFixture	God Class
src.fit.RowFixture	Data Class
src.fit.RowFixture	Refused Parent Bequest
src.fit.TimedActionFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.TimedActionFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.ParseTest	Feature Envy
src.fit.ParseTest	Feature Envy
src.fit.ParseTest	Feature Envy
src.fit.ParseTest	Feature Envy
src.fit.Parse	Shotgun Surgery
src.fit.Parse	Shotgun Surgery
src.fit.Parse	God Class
src.fit.Parse	Data Class
src.fat.Equals	Feature Envy
src.fat.Equals	Feature Envy
src.fat.Table	Feature Envy
src.eg.BinaryChop	Feature Envy
src.eg.BinaryChop	Refused Parent Bequest
src.eg.AllPairs$Setup	Feature Envy
src.fat.AnnotationFixture	Feature Envy
src.fat.AnnotationFixture	Feature Envy
src.fat.AnnotationFixture	Feature Envy
src.fat.Tests	Feature Envy
src.fat.FixtureNameFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.Fixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.Fixture	Shotgun Surgery
src.fit.Fixture	Shotgun Surgery
src.fit.Fixture	Shotgun Surgery
src.fit.Fixture	God Class
src.fit.Fixture	Data Class
src.fit.Summary	Feature Envy
src.fit.ColumnFixture	Feature Envy
src.fit.ColumnFixture	Refused Parent Bequest
src.eg.ColumnIndex$Column	Feature Envy
src.eg.ColumnIndex$Column	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.Browser	Refused Parent Bequest
src.eg.Calculator$HP35	Brain Method
src.eg.Calculator$HP35	Intensive Coupling
src.eg.AllFiles	Feature Envy
src.eg.AllFiles	Feature Envy
src.eg.AllFiles	Refused Parent Bequest
src.eg.AllPairs$Stats	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicPlayer	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicPlayer	Feature Envy
src.fit.ActionFixture	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicLibrary	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicLibrary	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicLibrary	Feature Envy
src.eg.music.MusicLibrary	Feature Envy
src.fit.TypeAdapter$ArrayAdapter	Feature Envy
src.fat.FatTest	Feature Envy
