src.freecs.util.logger.LogFile$LogFileShrinker	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdRemoveFriend	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdUnBan	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdUnBan	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.Connection	Connection	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.Connection	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.Connection	null	Data Class
src.freecs.auth.SQLAuthenticator	loginUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.SQLAuthenticator	loginUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	MessageParser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	MessageParser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	setSender	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	setMessageTemplate	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	addPersonalizedMessage	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	addPersonalizedMessage	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	parseAndSendMessage	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	parseAndSendMessage	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageParser	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestQueue	RequestQueue	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestQueue	addKey	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestQueue	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdAway	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdAway	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdKick	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdKick	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdListOnlineFriends	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdListOnlineFriends	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.ScheduledAction	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	UserManager	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	startUserManager	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	execTryLogin	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.UserManager	execTryLogin	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	getUserByName	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.UserManager	run	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	updateVips	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	updateAdmins	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	updateModerators	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	updateGuests	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	sendFriendNotification	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	sendFriendNotification	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.UserManager	resolveState	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.UserManager	resolveState	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.UserManager	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.UserManager	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.core.UserManager	null	Data Class
src.freecs.util.logger.LogFile	getChannel	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.logger.LogFile	backupLogFile	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.logger.LogFile	backupLogFile	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.logger.LogFile	closeChannel	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	removeGroup	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	getGroup	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	openGroup	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	checkProperties	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	checkProperties	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	updateStartingGroups	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	updateModeratedGroups	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	updateModeratedGroups	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	checkReason	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.core.GroupManager	null	Data Class
src.freecs.external.StateRequestHandler	handle	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.StateRequestHandler	handle	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.StateRequestHandler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.freecs.commands.CmdKickToRoom	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdKickToRoom	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CommandSet	checkActivatedCommands	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CommandSet	evaluate	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CommandSet	null	Data Class
src.freecs.core.Listener	updateSscRecieveBuffer	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Listener	initSSC	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Listener	run	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Listener	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Listener	accept	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdRightChange	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdRightChange	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdRightChange	allowedToChangeRight	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdRightChange	null	God Class
src.freecs.util.HtmlEncoder	encode	Brain Method
src.freecs.util.HtmlEncoder	encode	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.util.HtmlEncoder	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdRSu	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdRSu	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.FileMonitor	run	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.content.PersonalizedMessage	PersonalizedMessage	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.PersonalizedMessage	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.MembershipManager	init	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.content.HTTPRequest	parse	Brain Method
src.freecs.content.HTTPRequest	parse	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.content.HTTPRequest	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.HTTPRequest	null	God Class
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	DbProperties	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	DbProperties	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	DbProperties	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	null	God Class
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.DbProperties	null	Data Class
src.freecs.core.RequestMonitor	run	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestMonitor	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdSys	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.HttpAuth	encode	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.HttpAuth	decode	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	run	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	run	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	run	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	readIn	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	addRequest	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	implCloseChannel	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	chkSk	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector	null	Data Class
src.freecs.auth.AbstractAuthenticator	parseUserList	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.AbstractAuthenticator	filterProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdFriendsOnly	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoinClosed	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoinClosed	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdShout	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	sendQuitMessage	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	sendQuitMessage	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	removeNow	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	wasActive	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	getGroup	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	getCookie	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	setKey	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	touch	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	sendMessage	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	implSendMessage	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	rebuildMemberships	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	hasRight	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	hasRole	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	hasEntraceMinRight	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	hasSepaMinRight	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	hasMinRight	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	addPrivateMessageStore	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	sendMessageHistory	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	sendMessageHistory	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	isAway	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	isPunished	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	getFadeColCode	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	getTemplateSet	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	getTemplateSet	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	getProperty	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	getProperty	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	equals	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.User	nextCheck	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	compareRoleTo	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	canUseTemplateset	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.User	mayUseTemplateset	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.User	null	God Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoinUser	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoinUser	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdMyCol	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.GroupUserList	GroupUserList	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.GroupUserList	addUser	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.util.GroupUserList	sendMessage	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.GroupUserList	sendMessage	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.util.GroupUserList	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdInvite	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.interfaces.IRequest	getValue	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.interfaces.IRequest	getCookie	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.SqlRunner	logoutUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.SqlRunner	loginUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.SqlRunner	loginUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.CmdConfirmHandler	handle	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.CmdConfirmHandler	handle	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdRepeatedPrivateMessage	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.AbstractRequestHandler	checkAccessAuth	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdThink	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Group	getRawName	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	addUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Group	removeUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Group	sendMessage	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	sendModeratedMessage	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	usrMayLock	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Group	usrIsSu	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	hasState	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	equals	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.Group	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Group	null	God Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdSepa	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdSepa	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateManager	getTemplateSet	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.layout.TemplateManager	loadTemplates	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateManager	changed	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateManager	null	Data Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdInviteAll	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdInviteAll	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.CookieGenerator	main	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Responder	addToWrite	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Responder	run	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.Responder	run	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.Responder	writeContent	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Responder	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.Responder	null	Data Class
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	createAuthenticators	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	loginUser	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	loginUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	doLogin	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	doLogin	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	null	God Class
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.auth.AuthManager	null	Data Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdQuit	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdQuit	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.XmlRpcAuthenticator	loginUser	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.XmlRpcAuthenticator	loginUser	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdShowTime	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdAddFriend	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.CentralSelector$KeepAliveTimeoutChecker	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdUnPunish	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdUnPunish	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.external.StaticRequestHandler	handle	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.StaticRequestHandler	handle	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	isValid	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	cleanup	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	loginUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	loginUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	readColumns	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	readColumns	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	doLoginUpdates	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	logoutUser	Brain Method
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	logoutUser	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	getEncodedString	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.PoolElement	null	Data Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdListAllFriends	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.ObjectBuffer	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	main	Brain Method
src.freecs.Server	main	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	checkForConfigValues	Brain Method
src.freecs.Server	checkForConfigValues	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.Server	loadCommands	Brain Method
src.freecs.Server	loadCommands	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.Server	loadXmlRpcHandler	Brain Method
src.freecs.Server	loadXmlRpcHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.Server	loadPlugin	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isRunning	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.Server	addTempAdminhost	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	addTempAdminhost	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	removeTempAdminhost	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	getUrl	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	banUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	banUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	banConn	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	banConn	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	banHost	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	permaBanHost	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	storeUser	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	removeStore	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isPunished	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isEntranceBanned	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isCollocked	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isActlocked	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isAwaylocked	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	isPunishable	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	getPunishableKey	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	getPunishableKey	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.Server	log	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	logMessage	Feature Envy
src.freecs.Server	null	God Class
src.freecs.Server	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.Server	null	Data Class
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	evalVariable	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	evalVariable	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderGroupthemeCreator	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderTitle	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderTitle	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderUserName	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderUserName	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	renderValue	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	encode	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.MessageRenderer	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.core.CleanupClass	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	col	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	col	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	away	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	away	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	me	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	me	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	null	God Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdLockChangeForeignAction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.freecs.util.FadeColor	getFadeColorUsername	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.TrafficMonitor	startTrafficMonitor	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.TrafficMonitor	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdAct	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdShowIp	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdShowIp	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdShowIp	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.freecs.commands.CmdHitDice	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdHitDice	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.AdminCore	messageToAll	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.AdminCore	messageToGroup	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.AdminCore	messageToUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdClear	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdReplyMessage	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	RequestReader	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	processRequest	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	run	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	evaluate	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.RequestReader	null	Data Class
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	ConnectionBuffer	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	append	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	append	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	reset	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	addToWrite	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	addToWrite	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	isValid	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.ConnectionBuffer	null	God Class
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	getUserlist	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	getUserlist	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	renderGroupAsText	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	renderGroupAsXml	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	renderUserAsText	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	renderUserAsXml	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	renderUserAsXml	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	null	God Class
src.freecs.external.UserlistManager	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.util.logger.LogCleaner	startLogCleaner	Feature Envy
src.freecs.util.logger.LogCleaner	run	Brain Method
src.freecs.util.logger.LogCleaner	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Membership	init	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.Membership	init	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.core.Membership	add	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Membership	sendHistory	Feature Envy
src.freecs.core.Membership	null	God Class
src.freecs.core.Membership	null	Data Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdBan	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdBan	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdChangeBgcolor	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdChangeBgcolor	listAllowedBgcolor	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdChangeBgcolor	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.freecs.commands.CmdQuestion	execute	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdIgnore	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdCallMemberships	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdSetTheme	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.MessageTemplateFinder	main	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.MessageTemplateFinder	search	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	ContentContainer	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	wrap	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	wrap	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	appendCookie	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	canUseTemplateset	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	renderTemplate	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	prepareForSending	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	setContent	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	setRedirectTo	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.ContentContainer	null	God Class
src.freecs.util.logger.LogWriterBenchmark	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdListUsers	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	handle	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	handle	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	checkProperties	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	checkProperties	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	changeState	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	changeState	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	removeUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	removeBan	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	removeActionstore	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	sendMessageToUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	sendMessageToGroup	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderUserlist	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	searchUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	searchGroup	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	displayGroup	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	displayGroup	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderBanlist	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderBanlist	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderGrouplist	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderConfigoverview	Brain Method
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	renderConfigoverview	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	null	God Class
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.external.WebadminRequestHandler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.freecs.commands.CmdPunish	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdPunish	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdKickHard	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdKickHard	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.external.UserlistRequestHandler	handle	Feature Envy
src.freecs.layout.Template	render	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.layout.Template	parseFile	Brain Method
src.freecs.layout.Template	parseFile	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.layout.Template	generateUserList	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.Template	fonly	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.Template	generateUserList	Feature Envy
src.freecs.layout.Template	changed	Feature Envy
src.freecs.layout.Template	null	God Class
src.freecs.layout.Template	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.layout.Template	null	Data Class
src.freecs.content.BanObject	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoin	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoin	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdJoin	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	messageLog	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	isPunished	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	isPunished	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	getUser	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	setInvited	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	isVip	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	isMembershipLocked	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	hasMinRightSepa	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	sendUserList	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	getMultiblePunishableUsers	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	getMultibleUsers	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	getMultibleUsers	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	sendPrivateMessage	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	_isColorCodeValid	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	isColorCodeValid	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.AbstractCommand	null	God Class
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.ConnectionPool	getPoolElement	Feature Envy
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.ConnectionPool	getPoolElement	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.auth.sqlConnectionPool.ConnectionPool	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdChangeColor	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdSu	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdSu	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	evaluate	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	evaluate	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	handleMessagesConnection	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	handleSend	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	loadHandler	Brain Method
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	loadHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.core.RequestEvaluator	null	Brain Class
src.freecs.commands.CmdRespectUser	execute	Brain Method
src.freecs.commands.CmdRespectUser	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdListVips	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.content.MessageState	MessageState	Feature Envy
src.freecs.content.MessageState	finalize	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.xmlrpc.XmlRpcManager	start	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.commands.CmdListBan	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.commands.CmdListBan	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.EntityDecoder	entityTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.EntityDecoder	null	Data Class
src.freecs.external.xmlrpc.freecsXmlRpcHandler	checkVersion	Feature Envy
src.freecs.external.xmlrpc.freecsXmlRpcHandler	getLinuxMemoryDetails	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.util.logger.LogWriter	run	Intensive Coupling
src.freecs.util.logger.LogWriter	writeToChannel	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	createTemplates	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	getMessageTemplate	Shotgun Surgery
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	readMessageSet	Dispersed Coupling
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	changed	Feature Envy
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	removed	Feature Envy
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	null	God Class
src.freecs.layout.TemplateSet	null	Data Class
