core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Version	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLine	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLine	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLine	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLine	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLine	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.ImgCCITT	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGState	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGState	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGState	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGState	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEAN	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.SpecialSymbol	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.SpecialSymbol	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfViewerPreferencesImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfViewerPreferencesImp	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfViewerPreferencesImp	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFLZWDecoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.VerticalText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.VerticalText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.VerticalText	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.VerticalText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.VerticalText	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodePDF417	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PolylineShapeIterator	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PolylineShapeIterator	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PageResources	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PageResources	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor$BeginMarkedContentDictionary	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor$TextSetTextMatrix	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFont	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSmartCopy	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiOrder	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Section	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseField	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSmartCopy$ByteStore	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSmartCopy$ByteStore	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings$Cp437Conversion	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MaskUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MaskUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MaskUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MaskUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MaskUtil	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor$MoveNextLineAndShowTextWithSpacing	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy$PageStamp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy$PageStamp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy$PageStamp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactoryImp	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CJKFont	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFieldsImp	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryption	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.DocWriter	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.richmedia.RichMediaAnnotation	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.Console	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamperImp	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontSubSet	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontSubSet	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontSubSet	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontSubSet	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontSubSet	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ArabicLigaturizer	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type1Font	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.OutputStreamEncryption	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFont	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRAcroForm	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRAcroForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRAcroForm	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollection	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMap	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncryptor	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.HyphenationTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.HyphenationTree	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.HyphenationTree	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.HyphenationTree	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.HyphenationTree	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.ImgRaw	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFileSpecification	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFileSpecification	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFileSpecification	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFileSpecification	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFileSpecification	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.SimpleXMLParser	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfGraphics2D	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.EntitiesToSymbol	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPublicKeySecurityHandler	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.TaggedPdfReaderTool	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.TaggedPdfReaderTool	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.TaggedPdfReaderTool	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.HTMLWorker	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaState	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaState	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode128	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode39	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Barcode39	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.Encoder	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.LineSegment	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor$TextMoveStartNextLine	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfWriter	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionItem	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionItem	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionItem	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionItem	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfArray	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.ElementListener	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.QRCodeWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.MultiColumnText	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.MultiColumnText	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.MultiColumnText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.MultiColumnText	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.MultiColumnText	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.MatrixUtil	God Class
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.controller.PdfReaderController	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.controller.PdfReaderController	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.controller.PdfReaderController	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SpotColor	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfFormField	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFontUnicode	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.ZapfDingbatsNumberList	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecoder	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.ChainedProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfRectangle	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfRectangle	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfRectangle	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfTransition	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.XRefTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfTransparencyGroup	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfTransparencyGroup	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSigGenericPKCS	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.TextMarginFinder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfVisibilityExpression	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.IncCell	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.BaseColor	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.BaseColor	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.BaseColor	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ColumnText	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Rectangle	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.GreekList	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.WebColors	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStructureTreeRoot	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FontDetails	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FontDetails	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FontDetails	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.model.PdfFile	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.model.PdfFile	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.RomanList	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLister	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfContentByte	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeCodabar	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeCodabar	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeCodabar	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeCodabar	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FontSelector	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FontSelector	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleBookmark	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.MarkedSection	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.MarkedSection	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.Chunk	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Chunk	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Chunk	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Chunk	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPCell	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPCell	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPCell	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSigGenericPKCS$VeriSign	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.PageSize	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.FdfReader	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.FontFactory	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.events.IndexEvents	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNameTree	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNameTree	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.richmedia.RichMediaInstance	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.BmpImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.BmpImage	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.BmpImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.BmpImage	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.BmpImage	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfBody	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfBody	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfBody	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfBody	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.FormTree	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.FormTree	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.FormTree	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.FormTree	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfChunk	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeEANSUPP	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ICC_Profile	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamper	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamper	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamper	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStamper	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.richmedia.RichMediaWindow	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Annotation	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.EnumerateTTC	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayer	Refused Parent Bequest
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.XdpTreeNode	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.model.ProgressDialog	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.ImgWMF	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRStream	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfImportedPage	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignatureAppearance$RangeStream	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.richmedia.RichMediaConfiguration	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfImage	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields$Item	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentStreamProcessor$BeginText	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type3Glyph	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DefaultFontMapper$BaseFontParameters	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfTemplate	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfTemplate	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CFFFontSubset	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PushbuttonField	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BaseFont$StreamFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPTable	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfObject	Data Class
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.models.DictionaryTableModel	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfAnnotationsImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPages	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEFStream	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEFStream	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRIndirectReference	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Phrase	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BidiLine	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TextField	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg2000	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg2000	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg2000	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.RomanNumberFactory	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.draw.DottedLineSeparator	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpWriter	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpWriter	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.Image	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeDatamatrix	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecompressor	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecompressor	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecompressor	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecompressor	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFFaxDecompressor	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.OcspClientBouncyCastle	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.simpleparser.EntitiesToUnicode	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.Vector	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.Base64$InputStream	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfdfReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfXConformanceImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfXConformanceImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfXConformanceImp	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfXConformanceImp	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfXConformanceImp	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfIndirectReference	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SequenceList	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.Element	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAnnotation	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfString	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfString	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfString	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfString	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader$PageRefs	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader$PageRefs	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader$PageRefs	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader$PageRefs	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.OutlineTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAction	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfStream	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNumber	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNumber	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPageLabels	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPageLabels	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPageLabels	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPageLabels	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFDirectory	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFDirectory	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFDirectory	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFDirectory	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TIFFDirectory	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.GifImage	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.GifImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.GifImage	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfName	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfName	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfName	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfName	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.ByteMatrix	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.ByteMatrix	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSigGenericPKCS$PPKLite	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.ByteBuffer	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.HyphenationAuto	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPRow	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.SimplePatternParser	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.SimplePatternParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.SimplePatternParser	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.SimplePatternParser	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.SimplePatternParser	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree$Iterator	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.ListItem	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.ListItem	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAcroForm	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.StyleSheet	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfOutline	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfOutline	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentReaderTool	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentReaderTool	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentReaderTool	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfContentReaderTool	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.model.ObjectLoader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.events.FieldPositioningEvents	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.events.FieldPositioningEvents	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.richmedia.RichMediaExecuteAction	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PRTokeniser	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.SimpleTextExtractionStrategy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.SimpleTextExtractionStrategy	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.List	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.List	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfImageObject	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.PdfImageObject	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomTemplate	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomTemplate	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomTemplate	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.ReedSolomonEncoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPatternPainter	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Font	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Utilities	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Utilities	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.PdfObjectPanel	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffImage	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfColor	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.PagesTable	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.PagesTable	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.PagesTable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.xmp.XmpSchema	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPSXObject	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.FactoryProperties	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDictionary	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.Anchor	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Anchor	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Anchor	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Anchor	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfEncodings$SymbolConversion	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.draw.LineSeparator	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReader	Brain Class
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.XfaTreeNode	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.simpleparser.IncTable	Dispersed Coupling
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.io.FileChooserAction	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.PdfObjectTreeNode	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.PdfObjectTreeNode	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.PdfObjectTreeNode	Feature Envy
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.PdfObjectTreeNode	Refused Parent Bequest
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.treenodes.PdfObjectTreeNode	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDocument$PdfCatalog	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfTargetDictionary	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Jpeg	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Paragraph	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Paragraph	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Paragraph	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopy	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.factories.ElementFactory	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.LocationTextExtractionStrategy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.LocationTextExtractionStrategy	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.LocationTextExtractionStrategy	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7$X509Name	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfPKCS7$X509Name	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfBorderDictionary	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfIndirectObject	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.parser.LocationTextExtractionStrategy$TextChunk	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfVersionImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.internal.PdfVersionImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomDatasets	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomDatasets	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomDatasets	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomDatasets	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2SomDatasets	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfMediaClipData	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Document	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Document	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.Document	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfRendition	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.IntHashtable	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.fonts.cmaps.CMapParser	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeInter25	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeInter25	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.Markup	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.Markup	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.HtmlEncoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.html.HtmlEncoder	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.TrueTypeFont	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.collection.PdfCollectionSort	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.DocumentFont	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.ElementTags	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.ElementTags	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAppearance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfAppearance	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.SimpleNamedDestination	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfLayerMembership	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2Som	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.XfaForm$Xml2Som	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfTrailer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfWriter$PdfTrailer	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.JBIG2SegmentReader$JBIG2Page	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.TiffWriter$FieldAscii	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.CMapAwareDocumentFont	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNumberTree	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfNumberTree	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RadioCheckField	Tradition Breaker
core.com.itextpdf.text.Meta	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.Meta	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.QRCode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.hyphenation.TernaryTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyForms	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeQRCode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeQRCode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.BarcodeQRCode	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReaderInstance	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReaderInstance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfReaderInstance	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFields	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFormsImp	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfCopyFormsImp	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfShading	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfShading	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.AcroFields	Brain Class
rups.com.itextpdf.rups.view.itext.XfaTree	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDate	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfDate	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.qrcode.BitVector	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.RectangleReadOnly	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.PdfSignature	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.XmlDomWriter	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.XmlDomWriter	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.xml.XmlDomWriter	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.PngImage	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Shotgun Surgery
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.RandomAccessFileOrArray	Data Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type3Font	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type3Font	Feature Envy
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type3Font	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.Type3Font	Refused Parent Bequest
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Brain Method
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Intensive Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Dispersed Coupling
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	God Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Brain Class
core.com.itextpdf.text.pdf.codec.wmf.MetaDo	Data Class
