com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Finder	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.IndexValues	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryEngine	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple$TwoSH	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_Variable	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Container	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.RegexpTreeGenerator	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.InfModel	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.WrappedReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl$RdfTypeTestFn	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleEventManager	Composite
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$PutBindings	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser$WType	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementBase	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStage	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUIDFactory	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBBulkUpdateHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.OntEventsVocab	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BBRuleContext	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.IDBConnection	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETERuleContext	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.IDBConnection	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModel	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IPSet	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhNode	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelListenerAdapter	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$RunValuatorSet	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.OneToManyMap	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleBulkUpdateHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BackwardRuleInfGraphI	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphWithPerform	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_nil	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.Assembler	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraph$NotifyOnClose	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphTripleStoreBase	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryHandler	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.InfGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.BunchMap	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.RDFTest	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.StoreTripleIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.TripleStore	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$4	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedReifier	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.DBConnection	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$4	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.RuleSet	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$1	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.PrintUtil	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryTriple$SimpleApplyer	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLFBRuleReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ResourceFactory$Interface	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.FrameI	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.NodeVisitor	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.IndexValues	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleEventHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RuleContext	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_URI	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.IDBConnection	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFWriterF	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.ClosableIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveInfGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.VariableIndexes	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Stage	Chain of Responsibility
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerRegistry	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RuleDerivation	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	State
jena.schemagen$SchemagenOptions	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropDatabase	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelMakerImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleReasoner	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleWriter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Finder	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ResourceFactory$Interface	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.OWLResults	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.VariableIndexes	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.DAMLMicroReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.InfGraph	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple$Field	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleReasoner	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphBase	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DAML_OIL	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Element	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelMaker	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBReifierGraph	Proxy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.TripleBoundary	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.ARPSaxErrorHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.TripleSorter	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.Filter	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.SimpleSelector	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphMemBaseQueryHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphWithPerform	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Property	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphEventManager	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Applyer	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleReasoner	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryNode	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.RegexpTree	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFErrorHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Reifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasonerFactory	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleReasoner	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPTopGoalIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.FasterTripleStore	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContNodeIteratorImpl	State
jena.cmdline.CommandLine	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReifierFragmentsMap	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster$GraphMemFasterStatisticsHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.SimpleLogger	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleRDFGraphInserter	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IPSet	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntResource	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.ReificationStyle	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.OWL	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetReifIterator	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleInfGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBindingEnvironment	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple$Field	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$SomeResource	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETESinkNode	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleReader	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSFBRuleReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.StatementHandler	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.Assembler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier$GetReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashCommon$NotifyEmpty	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$2	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DCTypes	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BFRuleContext	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.BulkUpdateHandler	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashCommon$MovedKeysIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleWriter	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple$Field	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.NodeToTriplesMapBase	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind$1	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraph$NotifyOnClose	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.FGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraphTransactionHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Finder	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.JenaUUID	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantsObjectI	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMem	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetTripleIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.PolyadicPrefixMappingImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.NodeToTriplesMapBase	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.RegexpTree	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.Generator$LFlag	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ModelAssembler	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.Filter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.ExtendedHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFReaderF	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerBase$MapObjectToContent	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.DBConnection	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$PlainAssemblerGroup	Proxy
jena.rdfcat	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetReifIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.TripleBoundary	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Property	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFList	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.AbstractProfile	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NodeIteratorFactory	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.ProfileRegistry	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleInfGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DCTerms	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.RDFDatatype	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphTripleStoreBase	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	Template Method
jena.util.DBcmd	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Stage	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETESinkNode	Prototype
jena.cmdline.ArgHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DAML_OIL	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.StatementBoundary	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.FilterIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.WrappedReasonerFactory	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.StatementHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMiniReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleRDFGraphInserter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BuiltinRegistry	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphMaker	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.StatementTripleBoundary	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.LateBindingIterator	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.DAMLMicroReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLFBRuleReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$ExpandingAssemblerGroup	Proxy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$AnonStatement	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedBulkUpdateHandler	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSFBRuleReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentHandler	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.StatementTripleBoundary	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.ARP	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.Taint	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Pipe	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.ModelRDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BFRuleContext	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveInfGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.Dyadic	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.SimpleLogger	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_Literal	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.Mode	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.Delta	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.LiteralLabelImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BindingEnvironment	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.RDFDatatype	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleInfGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.JenaReaderBase	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReifierTripleMap	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.GraphRDBMaker	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AbsXMLContext	Chain of Responsibility
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StmtIteratorImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.Implementation	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.Polymorphic	Chain of Responsibility
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleReasoner	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Query	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	Observer
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_Blank	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Reifier	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Valof	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Reifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.LiteralLabelImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$FindTriples	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphEventManager	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AbsXMLContext	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier$GetReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.ExtendedIterator	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.TestManifestX	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.wg.LazyInputStream	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreterContext	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelMakerImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBProp	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPTopGoalIterator	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashCommon$NotifyEmpty	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$3	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelListenerAdapter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Builtin	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelChangedListener	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.TripleBoundary	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$FixedResource	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BackwardRuleInfGraphI	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReifierTripleMap	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IRDBDriver	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IPSet	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashCommon$BasicKeyIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind$2	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.ConsumerChoicePointFrame	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster$GraphMemFasterStatisticsHandler	(Object)Adapter
jena.schemagen$SchemagenOptionsImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.Locator	Observer
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ICache	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETETerminal	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelExtract	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBBulkUpdateHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngineI	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IPSet	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFErrorHandler	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.MapFilterIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.BulkUpdateHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Dyadic	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.TestManifest	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryNode	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhNode	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind$2	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPattern	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Pattern	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.JenaReaderBase	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.Content	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedBulkUpdateHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryNodeFactory	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReifierFragmentsMap	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.WrappedReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.Collection	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.RDFXMLParser	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.ParserBase	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerRegistry	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraph	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_ANY	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFNode	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FragmentTripleIterator	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$FindTriples	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.SimpleSelector	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.Polyadic	Observer
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$PutBindings	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.OntDocManagerVocab	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModelSpec	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContNodeIteratorImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.ImportManager	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$3	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.MapFilter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEQueue	Prototype
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$FixedResource	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.PatternCompiler	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphAddList	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphExtract$Extraction	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.IRDBDriver	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.TempNodeCache	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSRuleReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Reasoner	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelChangedListener	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.cache.Cache	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphMemBase	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Reifier	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMicroReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphMaker	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.VCARD	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple$Field	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModel	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.NodeToTriplesMapBase	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.LazyIterator	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AbsXMLContext	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetTripleIterator	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModelSpec	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryPlan	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBTransactionHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFReaderF	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$1	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphEvents	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.ForwardRuleInfGraphI	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Rewrite$DyadicLiteral	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.LazyIterator	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.TripleBunch	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	Proxy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFVisitor	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.ForwardRuleInfGraphI	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.Paren	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriter	Proxy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Finder	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.LRUCache	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Valof	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTreeQueryPlan	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModelSpec	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.OWLTest	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ResourceFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEQueue	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraph_TripleStore	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.BooleanClassDescriptionImpl	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFList	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl$RDFListIterator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Reasoner	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.FinderUtil$Cascade	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.TypeMapper	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryEngine$1	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.Polyadic	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMicroReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphBase	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	Prototype
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AbsXMLContext	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqNodeIteratorImpl	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Matcher	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSRuleReasonerFactory	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BBRuleContext	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphMemBase	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleReader	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.ConsumerChoicePointFrame	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	Proxy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement$RunValuatorSet	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	Observer
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqNodeIteratorImpl	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleInfGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngineI	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.Collection	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ReificationCacheMap	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleBulkUpdateHandler	(Object)Adapter
jena.util.DBcmd	Bridge
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMiniReasonerFactory	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Pipe	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Container	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$ExpandingAssemblerGroup	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl$RdfTypeTestFn	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerBase	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.Polymorphic	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentsMap	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.TempNodeCache$NodePair	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementBase	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Applyer	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.StateFlag	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetIterator	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DC_11	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster$2	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.ValuatorSet	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphListener	Composite
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.JenaUUID	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETERuleContext	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RuleDerivation	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$ExpandingAssemblerGroup	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph$InfTransactionHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.LiteralImpl	Visitor
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMemStore	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.RegexpTreeGenerator	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.FGraph	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.ExtendedIterator	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.TripleSorter	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager$ReadHook	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	State
jena.schemagen	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.ObjectIterator	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.JenaReaderBase	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.WrappedBulkUpdateHandler	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Fixed	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.QNameLexer	Template Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node$NodeMaker	Factory Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.ReificationStyle	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Element	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFErrorHandler	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MatchOrBind$1	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Applyer	State
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Node_RuleVariable	Singleton
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	(Object)Adapter
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETESinkNode	Decorator
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.TripleStore	State
