com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.FGraph	getGraph	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.FGraph	contains	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V4	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleEventDump	triple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleEventDump	prefix	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	add	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	add	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	delete	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	fragCompact	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	add	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	add	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	isReifProp	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraphReifier_RDB	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDFloat	parseValidated	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDFloat	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Util	substituteEntitiesInElementContent	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStageCompiler	compilePattern	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStageCompiler	getReificationChar	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStageCompiler	getQual	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStageCompiler	compileConstraints	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStageCompiler	compileQuery	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentsMap	allTriples	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentsMap	allTriples	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentsMap	size	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierFragmentsMap	makeSelectors	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleBulkUpdateHandler	addReifications	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleBulkUpdateHandler	deleteReifications	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryEngine	addStages	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	getSystemSpecializedGraph	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	getSystemSpecializedGraph	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	formatAndConstructSystemSpecializedGraph	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	createSpecializedGraphs	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	createSpecializedGraphs	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	recreateSpecializedGraphs	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	createIPSetInstanceFromName	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	removeSpecializedGraphs	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	removeSpecializedGraphs	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	getSequences	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	xaxtOpRaw	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	xactBegin	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	nodeToRDBString	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	nodeToRDBString	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	RDBStringToNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	RDBStringToNode	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	RDBLiteralStringToLiteralNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	RDBStringParseInt	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	PrefixToLongObject	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	literalToLongObject	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	URIToLongObject	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	getLongObjectID	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	IDtoString	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	IDtoLongObject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	genSQLStringMatch	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	setTableNames	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DriverRDB	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFList	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ConnectionAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.PatternStageBase	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.ResourceUtils	renameResource	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.ResourceUtils	renameResource	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.ResourceUtils	reachableClosure	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDDurationType	parseValidated	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FragmentTripleIterator	refillFrom	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.GraphNode	propagateAdd	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.GraphNode	propagateSCC	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.Polyadic	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.NoValue	bodyCall	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	getSubject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	getPredicate	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	getObject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Triple	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelFactory	createRDFSModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelFactory	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelFactory	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.TypeMapper	getSafeTypeByName	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.Turtle2NTriples	triple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.Turtle2NTriples	outputNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.Turtle2NTriples	outputNode	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFNode	isAnon	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFNode	isLiteral	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFNode	isResource	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFNode	getModel	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.ListMapAsObject	headAction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.GraphRDBMaker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.BaseDatatype	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Property	getOrdinal	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.OWLExptRuleTranslationHook	run	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.OWLExptRuleTranslationHook	translateIntersectionList	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	main	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	determineLanguage	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	selectOutput	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	processHeader	Intensive Coupling
jena.schemagen	usage	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	getClassName	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	getClassName	Intensive Coupling
jena.schemagen	asLegalJavaID	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	protectQuotes	Intensive Coupling
jena.schemagen	getDefaultPrefixNamespace	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	getOntologyElementNamespace	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	guessNamespace	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	writeRDFProperties	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	writeRDFClasses	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	writeOntIndividuals	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	selectIndividuals	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	getComment	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	formatComment	Brain Method
jena.schemagen	filter	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	getUCValueName	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	sorted	Feature Envy
jena.schemagen	sorted	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen	null	God Class
jena.schemagen	null	Brain Class
jena.schemagen	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.URIReference	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.NodeToTriplesMap	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.Location	Location	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.StrConcat	lex	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.StrConcat	lex	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	triple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	warning	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	warning	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	endLocalScope	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	setHandlersWith	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	checkNamespaceURI	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLHandler	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.IsDType	isTypeOK	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	getResource	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	createResource	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	createResource	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	add	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	read	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	contains	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	listStatements	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Model	listStatements	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BFRuleContext	contains	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	inModel	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	getURI	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	equals	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	getRequiredProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	listProperties	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	listProperties	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	addProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	addProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	hasProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	hasProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Resource	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.AltImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BindingEnvironment	bind	Shotgun Surgery
jena.schemagen$OptionDefinition	getResource	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContainerImpl	listContainerMembers	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContainerImpl	containerIndexOf	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContainerImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ContainerImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveInfGraph	prepare	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveInfGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_MySQL	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.iterator.NiceIterator	andThen	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	isConcrete	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	isLiteral	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	isBlank	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	isURI	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	isVariable	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	getLiteralValue	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	getLiteralLexicalForm	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	getLiteralDatatype	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	getURI	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	equals	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	sameValueAs	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	matches	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	toString	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphTripleStoreBase	find	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.MultiUnion	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDuration	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDuration	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetTripleIterator	extractRow	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetTripleIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XMLLiteralType	isValid	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.PatternStageCompiler	compile	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.PatternStageCompiler	compile	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.compose.PolyadicPrefixMappingImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleGraphMaker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDBaseNumericType	isValidLiteral	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDBaseNumericType	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDBaseNumericType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Basic	writePredicate	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Basic	writeLiteral	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Basic	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.BaseBuiltin	checkArgs	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.BaseBuiltin	getArg	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.MaxCardinalityRestrictionImpl	setMaxCardinality	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	read	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	convert	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	convert	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	setProperty	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	setProperty	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	setProperty	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	processArpOptions	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	processArpOptions	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	processArpOptions	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaReader	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$AnonStatement	AnonStatement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher$AnonStatement	AnonStatement	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBIDInt	getIntID	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V4_Gen	parseV4	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V4_Gen	unparse	Feature Envy
jena.dbcreate	exec0	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.SimpleSelector	test	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.ARPResource	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntPropertyImpl	setSubProperty	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntPropertyImpl	listDeclaringClasses	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntPropertyImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntPropertyImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntPropertyImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraph	find	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.RDBModelAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerRegistry	getRDFSSimpleReasoner	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleReader	readLiteral	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleReader	readLiteral	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.FrontsTriple	asTriple	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RestrictionImpl	convertToCardinalityRestriction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RestrictionImpl	convertToMinCardinalityRestriction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RestrictionImpl	convertToMaxCardinalityRestriction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RestrictionImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryPlan	executeBindings	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ModelAssembler	styleFor	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ModelAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_Derby	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	styleRDB	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	GraphRDB	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	add	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	delete	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	graphBaseFind	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.GraphRDB	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSRuleReasoner	doSetParameter	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSRuleReasoner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntTools$LCAIndex	getLCA	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaHandler	useWith	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.JenaHandler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	mainEh	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	lineNumber	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	usage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	processOpts	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	processOpts	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	process	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	process	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.NTriple	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocatorURL	open	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantLiteralValueOrDescription	startElement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.exceptions.AssemblerException	getIncomingProperty	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.exceptions.AssemblerException	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqImpl	set	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqImpl	shiftUp	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.SeqImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	getRequiredProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	addProperty	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	getModel	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ResourceImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMemStore	add	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMemStore	remove	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMemStore	iterator	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMemStore	iterator	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	flushPreparedStatementCache	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	getSQLStatement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	getPreparedSQLStatement	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	returnPreparedSQLStatement	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	close	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SQLCache	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.LiteralLabel	getValue	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.LiteralLabel	getDatatype	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEConflictSet	add	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEConflictSet	add	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEConflictSet	fireOne	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEConflictSet	execute	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEConflictSet	execute	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSFBRuleReasonerFactory	getCapabilities	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.OneToManyMap$Entry	equals	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphAdd	add	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleReasoner	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETETerminal	fire	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETETerminal	clone	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	parseNode	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	parseNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	parseNode	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	parseNumber	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule$Parser	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Util	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Literal	getLexicalForm	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Literal	getLanguage	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Product	bodyCall	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEQueue	fire	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	remove	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	sameListAs	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.RDFListImpl	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	hasTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	tripleFromRSPO	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	getTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	tripleFromSPO	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	isReificationTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.ReificationWrapper	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPattern	DBPattern	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPattern	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.AbstractDateTime	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.SmallGraphMem	null	Refused Parent Bequest
jena.schemagen$SchemagenOptionsImpl	getAllValues	Dispersed Coupling
jena.schemagen$SchemagenOptionsImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModel	getProfile	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModel	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	DBPropGraph	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	updatePrefixMaplet	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	removePrefix	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLContext	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasonerFactory	getCapabilities	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V1	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.MonitorGraph	snapshot	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.MonitorGraph	snapshot	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.JavaCharStream	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleInfGraph	extractAxioms	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleInfGraph	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.LPBackwardRuleInfGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	initFromPath	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	altMapping	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	toModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	processConfig	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocationMapper	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V1_Gen	parse	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.uuid.UUID_V1_Gen	unparse	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BBRuleContext	contains	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.ConsumerChoicePointFrame	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.ConsumerChoicePointFrame	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	resetTGCCache	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	prepare	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	prepare	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	performAdd	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	validate	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	checkLiteral	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	getDTRange	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	accept	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.ListMapAsSubject	headAction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Rewrite	rewriteStringMatch	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ModelSourceAssembler	open	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.TempNodeCache	getTemp	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntResource	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RDFSRuleReasonerFactory	getCapabilities	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMicroReasonerFactory	create	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashedTripleBunch	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashedTripleBunch	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.AssemblerHelp	getString	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.AssemblerHelp	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RuleDerivation	printTrace	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocatorClassLoader	open	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.OWLRuleTranslationHook	run	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.OWLRuleTranslationHook	translateIntersectionList	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	setSubClass	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	hasSubClass	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	listDeclaredProperties	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	isHierarchyRoot	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	isRestriction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	convertToRestriction	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	testDomain	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	listAllProperties	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	canProveSuperClass	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntClassImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AttributeLexer	processSpecials	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AttributeLexer	processSpecials	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AttributeLexer	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AttributeLexer	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.SAX2RDFImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Node_Literal	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.LockMRSW$LockState	clean	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleInfGraph	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleInfGraph	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicForwardRuleInfGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.Finder	find	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.Assembler	open	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.ParserBase	unescape	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.ParserBase	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDhexBinary	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraph$CompletionFlag	isDone	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	Unparser	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	wPropertyEltDatatype	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	wTypedNodeOrDescription	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	tab	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	hasProperties	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	canBeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	getDamlList	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	getRDFList	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	getList	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	findInfiniteCycles	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	findInfiniteCycles	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	pleasingTypeIterator	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Unparser	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Sum	bodyCall	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.PropertyImpl	computeOrdinal	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.PropertyImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	addRelation	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	processDeletes	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	find	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	find	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.FrontsNode	asNode	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	getObject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	getPredicate	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	getSubject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	simplePrintString	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	simplePrintString	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.TriplePattern	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Regex	bodyCall	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.HasValueRestrictionImpl	getHasValue	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ReificationCacheMap	load	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.vocabulary.DAML_OIL	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	parseAtom	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	parseBackslash	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	parseQuantifier	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.PerlPatternParser	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	getNarrowedDatatype	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	narrowType	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	convertCalendar	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	asCalendar	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDateTime	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.TripleMatch	asTriple	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhNode	asNode	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhNode	getGraph	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.enhanced.EnhNode	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Drop	headAction	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	setNsPrefix	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	setNsPrefixes	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.PrefixMapping	getNsPrefixMap	Shotgun Surgery
jena.util.DBcmd	exec	Dispersed Coupling
jena.util.DBcmd	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	rowCount	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	getPreparedStatement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	storeTripleAR	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	storeTripleList	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	storeTripleList	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	deleteTripleList	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	deleteTripleList	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	find	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_TripleStore_RDB	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.XMLBaselessContext	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.PrintUtil	print	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.PrintUtil	print	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.PrintUtil	print	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.PrintUtil	print	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.IDBConnection	getConnection	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.SAX2Model	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	unloadImports	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	queueImports	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	processMetadata	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	fetchLoadedImportModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntDocumentManager	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.tuple.TupleSet	tuple	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.tuple.TupleSet	tuple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.tuple.TupleSet	tuple	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.tuple.TupleSet	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStage	extendSourceBinding	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryStage	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Util	equals	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.FileGraphMaker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	startElement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	startElement	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	mustBeEmpty	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	rdf_n	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	descriptionOfCases	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	pairwiseIncompatibleErrorMessage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	complicatedErrorMessage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	propertyAttributeDescription	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantPropertyElement	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDDouble	parseValidated	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDDouble	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.NodeToTriplesMapFaster	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.ModelQueryUtil	queryBindingsWith	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETERuleContext	contains	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	listIndividuals	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	listHierarchyRootClasses	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	listImportedOntologyURIs	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	isInBaseModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	isInBaseModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	queryFor	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	getReasoner	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	setDerivationLogging	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	getDerivation	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	queryXTypeOfType	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntModelImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Builtin	getName	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.DBConnection	getDefaultModelProperties	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.DBConnection	copySpecializedGraphToModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.LiteralLabelImpl	equals	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerBase	checkType	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Relation	copy	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Relation	pairEntry	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Relation	iterator	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBProp	putPropString	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBProp	getPropString	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.MinCardinalityQRestrictionImpl	setMinCardinalityQ	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.RuleContext	getEnv	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	patternStageWithFullpath	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	attemptJoiningOthers	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	findCheapPattern	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	associateWithSources	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	setQueryOnlyReified	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	findConstraints	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	dbPartiallyHandlesExpression	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBQueryHandler	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	queryHandler	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	getBulkUpdateHandler	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	getEventManager	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	getReifier	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	getPrefixMapping	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	delete	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	find	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	find	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	contains	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	contains	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.Graph	size	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.Abbreviated	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.FileModelAssembler	getLanguage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.FileModelAssembler	getBoolean	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	compile	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	compile	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	fire	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEClauseFilter	getTripleValue	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.URIref	encode	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.URIref	decode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.URIref	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Free	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBReifierGraph	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	warning	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	processPropertyAttributes	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	processPropertyAttributes	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup$Frame	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.ModelExpansion	addSubclassesFrom	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.ModelExpansion	addRangeTypes	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.ModelExpansion	addSupertypes	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphExtract$Extraction	extractInto	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphExtract$Extraction	extractInto	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RDFSCMPPreprocessHook	run	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.TurtleRDFGraphInserter	triple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.NodeCache	get	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveEngine	cacheSubClassUtility	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveEngine	cacheSubPropUtility	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveEngine	cacheSubPropUtility	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.Taint	isTainted	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	readModelWorker	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	readModelWorker	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileManager	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.StageElement	run	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLFBRuleReasoner	bind	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLFBRuleReasoner	getPreload	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph	graphBaseFind	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.BaseInfGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPTopGoalIterator	moveForward	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	setRuleStore	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	addSet	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	compile	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	findAndProcessAxioms	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	findAndProcessActions	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	matchRuleBody	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	matchClauseList	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	matchClauseList	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	match	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	match	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.FRuleEngine	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.StmtIterator	nextStatement	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifier	addFragment	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifier	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.SimpleReifierTripleMap	allTriples	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryTriple	classify	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryTriple	createMatcher	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Query	addConstraint	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.MaxCardinalityQRestrictionImpl	setMaxCardinalityQ	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_Oracle	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	codeFor	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	codeFor	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	compileAll	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	compileAll	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPRuleStore	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetReifIterator	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.ResultSetReifIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.OneToManyMap	entrySet	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.OneToManyMap	entrySet	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.OneToManyMap	toString	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	getGraph	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	addNamespaces	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	add	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	findTriplesFrom	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.ModelCom	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.AbsXMLLiteral	startElement	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.AbsXMLLiteral	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	match	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	prepare	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	rehash0	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	rehash0	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphMatcher	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitBindingTests	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	aIndex	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitHead	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitHeadGet	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitBody	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitBody	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	emitBodyPut	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	classifyVariables	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	classifyVariables	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode$CompileState	termVars	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.wg.TestInputStreamFactory	open	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.wg.TestInputStreamFactory	open	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.CardinalityRestrictionImpl	setCardinality	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	checkSafeToUpdate	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	pump	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	printProfile	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	printProfile	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPBRuleEngine	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMem	graphBaseFind	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMem	graphBaseFind	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.MixedGraphMem	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntTools	findShortestPath	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntTools	lca	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntTools	checkSolution	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntTools	partitionByNamed	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.CountLiteralValues	bodyCall	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.QueryMapper	toQueryTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.FasterTripleStore	FasterTripleStore	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.FasterTripleStore	containsApplyer	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.FasterTripleStore	varSvarOApplyer	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.FasterTripleStore	varSvarOApplyer	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.ModelRDB	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	compile	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	inject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	findAndProcessAxioms	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	findAndProcessAxioms	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	findAndProcessActions	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RETEEngine	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.AssemblerGroup	copy	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILLegacyProfile	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILLegacyProfile	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILLegacyProfile	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	Directive	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	Verb	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	Collection	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	Formula	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	Var	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	NumericLiteral	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	String	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	PrefixedName	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	BlankNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	IRI_REF	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	jj_consume_token	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	getNextToken	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	getToken	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	jj_ntk	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParser	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTripleSorter	bindingCount	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTripleSorter	bindingCount	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTripleSorter	bind	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTripleSorter	weight	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Util	variablesOf	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPrefixMappingImpl	DBPrefixMappingImpl	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPrefixMappingImpl	setNsPrefixes	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveGraphCache$FullGraphWalker	walkOne	Feature Envy
jena.rdfcopy	main	Dispersed Coupling
jena.rdfcopy	usage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.OntModelSpecAssembler	getOntModelSpecField	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.OntModelSpecAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Print	print	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_Oracle_LOB	addRDBLongObject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_Oracle_LOB	IDtoLongObject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_Oracle_LOB	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ContentAssembler	getModelName	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ContentAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLFBRuleReasonerFactory	create	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster	matchesReification	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster	withReification	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph$RuleStore	addRemoveRule	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph$RuleStore	addRemoveRule	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.FBRuleInfGraph$RuleStore	doAddRemoveRule	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.DBPropDatabase	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Node_RuleVariable	getIndex	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Node_RuleVariable	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.MakeSkolem	bodyCall	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.GenericTripleMatchFrame	bindResult	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.GenericTripleMatchFrame	functorMatch	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.GenericTripleMatchFrame	init	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.MinCardinalityRestrictionImpl	setMinCardinality	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileUtils	openResourceFileAsStream	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileUtils	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.FileUtils	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.GraphListener	notifyEvent	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.faster.GraphMemFaster$GraphMemFasterStatisticsHandler	getStatistic	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	create	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	getCapabilities	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.ReasonerFactory	getURI	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.LiteralImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.LiteralImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILProfile	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILProfile	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.DAML_OILProfile	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	LPInterpreter	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	next	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	getEngine	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	run	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	run	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	deref	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.LPInterpreter	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	findReifStmt	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	findReifTripleMatch	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	findReifTripleMatch	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	findReifStmtURIByTriple	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	storeFrag	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	updateOneFrag	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	updateOneFrag	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	findFrag	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	deleteFrag	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.PSet_ReifStore_RDB	null	Tradition Breaker
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	processModel	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	writeObjectList	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	formatResource	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	formatLiteral	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	rdfListIterator	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	getPropValue	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterCommon	null	God Class
jena.cmdline.CommandLine	process	Intensive Coupling
jena.cmdline.CommandLine	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_MsSQL	getSequence	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDAbstractDateTimeType	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDAbstractDateTimeType	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDAbstractDateTimeType	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.RDFErrorHandler	error	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Domain	getElement	Shotgun Surgery
jena.turtle	main	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDbase64Binary	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	shortAnonId	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	setFromGivenNamespaces	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	xmlnsDecl	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	tag	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	generateDoctypeDeclaration	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	writeXMLDeclaration	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	flags2str	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	str2flags	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.xmloutput.impl.BaseXMLWriter	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDBaseStringType	isEqual	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.impl.XSDDateTimeType	parseValidated	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	prepareLists	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	checkListElement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	prepareOneRefBNodes	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	preparePropertiesForSubject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	finishWriting	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	writeObjectList	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	writeObjectList	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	writeObject	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterPP	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.Profile	THING	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.Profile	ONE_OF	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.Profile	ON_PROPERTY	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.Profile	IMPORTS	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.Profile	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.AbsXMLContext	checkURI	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.SpecializedGraph_TripleStore	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingVector	getBinding	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingVector	unify	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingVector	unify	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingVector	equals	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingVector	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.RDFXMLParser	setEncoding	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.BasicFBReifier	getTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.InfModelImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	getName	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	getArgs	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	getArgLength	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	getBoundArgs	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Functor	getImplementor	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.SomeValuesFromRestrictionImpl	getSomeValuesFrom	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleWriter	write	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleWriter	write	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.NTripleWriter	writeLiteral	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.regexptrees.Sequence	create	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	jjMoveNfa_0	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	jjFillToken	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	getNextToken	Brain Method
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	null	Brain Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.turtle.parser.TurtleParserTokenManager	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RDFSProfile	getAnnotationProperties	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RDFSProfile	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RDFSProfile	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.RDFSProfile	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	allMonotonic	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	bodyLength	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	getBodyElement	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	headLength	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	getHeadElement	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	findVars	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	cloneClause	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	cloneFunctor	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	toString	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	toShortString	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	rulesParserFromReader	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.Rule	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.util.LocatorZip	open	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntologyImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntProperty	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphBase	checkOpen	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphBase	getReifier	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.impl.GraphBase	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3TurtleJenaWriter	N3TurtleJenaWriter	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantDescription	startElement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantDescription	startElement	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.states.WantDescription	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelCon	createTypedLiteral	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelCon	add	Shotgun Surgery
jena.rdfcompare	main	Feature Envy
jena.rdfcompare	usage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Expression$Util	isReificationPredicate	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.n3.N3JenaWriterTriples	writeModel	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.Generator	runCompletionCheck	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.Generator	propagateLive	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.Generator	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.Generator	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.LockMRSW	enterCriticalSection	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.LockMRSW	enterCriticalSection	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.LockMRSW	leaveCriticalSection	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingStack	push	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.BindingStack	getBinding	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphTripleStore	GraphTripleStore	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementImpl	toStatement	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementImpl	sameAs	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.impl.StatementImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.Pattern	match	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntModelSpec	getDefaultSpec	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMiniReasonerFactory	create	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.transitiveReasoner.TransitiveReasonerFactory	getCapabilities	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ReasonerFactoryAssembler	addSchema	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.assembler.assemblers.ReasonerFactoryAssembler	null	Refused Parent Bequest
jena.rdfcat	readInput	Dispersed Coupling
jena.rdfcat	usage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	getSubject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	getPredicate	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	getObject	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	getResource	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	getString	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.Statement	remove	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleQueryHandler	containsNode	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OWLProfile	getAnnotationProperties	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OWLProfile	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OWLProfile	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OWLProfile	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.shared.impl.PrefixMappingImpl	regenerateReverseMapping	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.CardinalityQRestrictionImpl	setCardinalityQ	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.QueryNode	classify	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.SafeGraph	find	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.SafeGraph	find	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.OntClass	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasoner	bind	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasoner	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.GenericRuleReasoner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.lang.LanguageTag	LanguageTag	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.lang.LanguageTag	errorMessage	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	XSDDatatype	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	loadUserDefined	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	getFoundingType	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.datatypes.xsd.XSDDatatype	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.GraphMem	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.AllValuesFromRestrictionImpl	getAllValuesFrom	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashCommon	showkeys	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.model.ModelGraphInterface	getGraph	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	getProfile	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	remove	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	remove	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	isIndividual	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	checkProfile	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	selectLang	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	selectLang	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	setPropertyValue	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	hasPropertyValue	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	addListPropertyValue	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	computeDirectValues	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	removePropertyValue	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	null	God Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.ontology.impl.OntResourceImpl	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.SAX2RDF	installHandlers	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.NodeToTriplesMapBase	iterateAll	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.OWLMicroReasoner	OWLMicroReasoner	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.db.impl.Driver_HSQL	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode	compile	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode	compile	Intensive Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode	main	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.impl.RuleClauseCode	null	Data Class
com.hp.hpl.jena.graph.query.SimpleTreeQueryPlan	findFromTriple	Feature Envy
com.hp.hpl.jena.mem.HashedBunchMap	null	Refused Parent Bequest
com.hp.hpl.jena.reasoner.rulesys.builtins.Quotient	bodyCall	Dispersed Coupling
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.ParserSupport	warning	Shotgun Surgery
com.hp.hpl.jena.rdf.arp.impl.ParserSupport	triple	Shotgun Surgery
