src.plugins.HTML.PreviousTag	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.CompleteWordList$KeyHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PHPTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PHPTokenMarker	Brain Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PHPTokenMarker	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PlainTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JavaTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JavaTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JavaTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.options.EditorOptions	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.EditorOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextUtilities	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextUtilities	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextUtilities	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextUtilities	Data Class
src.lib.org.jext.actions.ToLowerCase	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.ToLowerCase	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffPresentationTheme	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VersionCheck	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$backspace_word	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.AbstractProjectManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.WheelMouse.WheelMouseOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.VirtualFolders	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory$FindResults	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.StyleTable$StyleEditor	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.StyleTable$StyleEditor	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.HTMLPlugin	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter	God Class
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffMenuUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$MouseHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$MouseHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$MouseHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenPOSIX	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenRepeated	Brain Method
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenRepeated	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenRepeated	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.Dawn	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.Dawn	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.Dawn	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletionOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletionOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletionOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.CompleteWordAll	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.actions.CompleteWordAll	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager$DefaultProject	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager$DefaultProject	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager$DefaultProject	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager$DefaultProject	Tradition Breaker
src.lib.org.jext.event.JextEvent	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.jgoodies.uif_lite.panel.SimpleInternalFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.com.jgoodies.uif_lite.panel.SimpleInternalFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VHDLTokenMarker	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.Search	Data Class
src.plugins.HTML.ToAccents	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.ToAccents	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$home	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenRange	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.MakefileTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.MakefileTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintText	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JavaScriptTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.CsWord	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.CsWord	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.menus.JextRecentMenu	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.menus.JextRecentMenu	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter$GutterMouseListener	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter$GutterMouseListener	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.ChangeDirCommand	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.ChangeDirCommand	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPVBScriptTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPVBScriptTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPVBScriptTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XMenuHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XMenuHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.JextLoader	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.JextLoader	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.ClearCommand	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CSharpTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CSharpTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$insert_char	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Brain Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPPerlscriptTokenMarker	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindAllDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindAllDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindAllDialog	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindAllDialog	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindAllDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.toolbar.JextToolBar	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.Utilities	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DocumentHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DocumentHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.math.IncreaseFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TeXTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TeXTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.LangOptions	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.LangOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.GeneralOptions	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.GeneralOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.GeneralOptions	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UML$Throws	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.SimpleUnComment	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JBrowsePlugin$OptPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.FileFiltersOptions$FiltersTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VerilogTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VerilogTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VerilogTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VerilogTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.VerilogTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.options.ColorTable$ColorTableModel$ColorRenderer	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory$FindResults$FindResultsCellRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Mode	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.jgoodies.uif_lite.component.Factory	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.ZipExplorer$ZipTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.RightIndent	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.math.DecreaseFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentPHP	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentPHP	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenOneOf	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.Beautifier	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPModifierFichier	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.dawn.functions.YesNoCancelFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.AbstractLogWindow	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.AbstractLogWindow	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$MouseHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTabbedPaneUI	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPTokenMarker	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$next_word	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.LiteralSearchMatcher	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Brain Method
src.plugins.FindAll.FindAll	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.javaccess.NewFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.Jext	Data Class
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.javaccess.ConstructorFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.ScrollPageUp	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UML$Operation$Argument	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperMapping	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.KLNFOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.LoadingOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.LoadingOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.LoadingOptions	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	God Class
src.plugins.Java.JSFormatter	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$DnDHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFiles	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFiles	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFiles	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFiles	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.IDLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseOptionPane	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseOptionPane	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseOptionPane	Refused Parent Bequest
src.plugins.Java.JBrowse	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JBrowse	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JBrowse	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JBrowse	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TextTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TextTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.SplashScreen	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentPEAR	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentPEAR	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$DnDHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.FileCommand	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentHTML	Brain Method
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPIndentHTML	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PythonTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PythonTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.CompleteWordList$KeyHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.TokenSource	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.TokenSource	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.TokenSource	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.JextMail	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$document_home	Feature Envy
src.updating.ChoiceForm	Dispersed Coupling
src.updating.ChoiceForm	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleListDir	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleListDir	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleListDir	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.FontSelector	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.FontSelector	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperAction	Brain Method
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperAction	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperAction	God Class
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperAction	Data Class
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffButtonUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPJavascriptTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPJavascriptTokenMarker	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPJavascriptTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPJavascriptTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASPJavascriptTokenMarker	Refused Parent Bequest
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JARClassLoader	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindByDate	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.ScrollDown	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.WorkspaceSwitcher$Switcher	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$document_end	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperMappingGrid$TyperTableModel	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperMappingGrid$TyperTableModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.BeautifierOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.OptionsDialog$PaneNameRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XPropertiesReader	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$end	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DawnTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DawnTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.javaccess.InvokeFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFiles$MyCellRenderer	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.REFilterReader	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.RWModifier	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.RWModifier	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.RWModifier	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.LATTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.LATTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.python.PythonLogWindow	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.GUIUtilities	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.misc.WorkspaceSwitcher	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.REMatchEnumeration	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.HTMLIndenter	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.HTMLIndenter	Brain Method
src.plugins.HTML.HTMLIndenter	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperWindowGUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.BundledSkinFactory$MetalSkin	Feature Envy
src.updating.PlugReader	Dispersed Coupling
src.updating.PlugReader	Feature Envy
src.updating.PlugReader	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.CharIndexed	Shotgun Surgery
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPParser	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.actions.CompleteWord	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.Dockable	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASMTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ASMTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DefaultInputHandler	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DefaultInputHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DefaultInputHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DefaultInputHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DefaultInputHandler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffInternalFrameUI$PaletteListener	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.StringSorter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XInsertHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.BundledSkinFactory	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.ToEntities	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseOptionPane$OptionPanel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.menus.TemplatesMenu	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.menus.TemplatesMenu	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.RubyTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.RubyTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPModifierSelection	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$delete_word	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.err.TryCatchFunction	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.err.TryCatchFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FunnyBrackets.src.FunnyBrackets	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.HttpCommand	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarkerContext	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JBrowse$OptionDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenAny	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CTokenMarker	God Class
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffToggleButtonUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.com.jgoodies.uif_lite.component.UIFSplitPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$delete	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPBufferPartList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperObjectManager	Feature Envy
src.updating.ChoiceForm$PluginTableModel	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindByName$NameFilter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$next_page	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$ConsoleKeyAdapter	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$ConsoleKeyAdapter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$ConsoleKeyAdapter	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KeystrokeRecorder.Track	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PLSQLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.ScrollPageDown	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.UIOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.UIOptions	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.BrowserLauncher	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.BrowserLauncher	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.BrowserLauncher	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.BrowserLauncher	God Class
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenStart	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.menus.JextMenuBar	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.menus.JextMenuBar	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.menus.JextMenuBar	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPQuickOpen	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.JextTextArea	Tradition Breaker
src.lib.org.jext.options.StyleTable$StyleTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.StyleTable$StyleTableModel	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.JextFrame$PluginHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.REToken	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.ForFunction	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.ForFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.NextTag	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffDesktopTheme	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffDesktopTheme	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.BatchFileTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.BatchFileTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.OpenUrl	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.project.DefaultProjectManager	Tradition Breaker
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.EiffelTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.EiffelTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.EiffelTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.EiffelTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XBarHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console$ConsoleProcess$StdinThread	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console$ConsoleProcess$StdinThread	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree$CellRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.JextProgressBarUI	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.BundledSkinFactory$JextSkin	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PropsTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffInternalFrameUI	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.EnhancedMenuItem	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.EnhancedMenuItem	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffListUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffListUI	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xml.XPopupHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.ClassBrowser	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDesc	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDesc	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDesc	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDesc	God Class
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPBrowseTab	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPBrowseTabParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPBrowseTabParser	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.search.BoyerMooreSearchMatcher	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.BoyerMooreSearchMatcher	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler	Data Class
src.lib.gnu.regexp.REFilterInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.DawnParser	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DragHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DragHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DragHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DragHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$DragHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$DnDHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.com.jgoodies.uif_lite.panel.SimpleInternalFrame$RaisedHeaderBorder	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CCTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.dawn.DawnLogWindow	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JSPTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JSPTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JSPTokenMarker	Brain Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.JSPTokenMarker	Data Class
src.lib.org.jext.search.RESearchMatcher	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Brain Method
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	God Class
src.plugins.HTML.TagsCompletion	Data Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.BeanShellTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.ZipExplorer	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory$FindTabs	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PovrayTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.naming.CreateGlobalFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.naming.CreateGlobalFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.HyperTyper.AutoExpander	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.ColorTable$ColorTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.ColorTable$ColorTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.PrintOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.PrintOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.CompleteWordList$KeyHandler	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.JythonCommand	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.scripting.dawn.functions.YesNoFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.AboutPlugins	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.AboutPlugins	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.actions.RemoveWhitespace	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintingOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintingOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.WhileFunction	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.WhileFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.WhileFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$prev_word	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.ConsoleTextPane$DnDHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ShellScriptTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.misc.FindAccessory	Data Class
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Brain Method
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Brain Method
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Feature Envy
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Brain Method
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Feature Envy
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	God Class
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlParser	Brain Class
src.plugins.HTML.CompleteTagList	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.InsertClassName	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.InsertClassName	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.javaccess.MethodFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.naming.CreateFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.naming.CreateFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.UML$Message	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.LeftIndent	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CobolTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CobolTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.CobolTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Indent	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Indent	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PascalTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PascalTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PascalTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HTML.Attribute	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea$MouseHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.KeyShortcutsOptions$KeysTableModel	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.KeyShortcutsOptions$KeysTableModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SAP2000TokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SAP2000TokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.HTMLTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.HTMLTokenMarker	Data Class
src.lib.org.jext.actions.ToUpperCase	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.actions.ToUpperCase	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.stack.RclFunction	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.actions.WordCount	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.RunCommand	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.FastGradientPaintContext	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.ModeFileFilter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.ModeFileFilter	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.commands.EvalCommand	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.test.IfFunction	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.test.IfFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.test.IfFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.StylesOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.StylesOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.StylesOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.StylesOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.xinsert.XTree	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.FortranTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.FortranTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.FortranTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.FortranTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.FortranTokenMarker	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintSyntax	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintSyntax	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.print.PrintSyntax	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.console.Console$ConsoleProcess$StdoutThread	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperHotkey	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SQRTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SQRTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SQRTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenBackRef	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RETokenChar	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.toolbar.FastSyntax	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.toolbar.FastSyntax	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.themes.KunststoffNotebookTheme	Refused Parent Bequest
src.plugins.Java.UML$Operation	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UML$Operation	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.org.jext.JavaSupport	Feature Envy
src.plugins.HyperTyper.HyperTyperSequenceList	Data Class
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.search.FindReplace	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	God Class
src.plugins.Java.JSBeautifier	Brain Class
src.lib.org.jext.search.SearchHighlight	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.actions.SimpleComment	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.WheelMouse.JFrameEx	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.HTML.CompleteTagList$TagsCellRenderer	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.stack.ReverseFunction	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTreeUI	Feature Envy
src.plugins.KLNF.com.incors.plaf.kunststoff.KunststoffTreeUI	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.GutterOptions	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.FontSelector$SelectorFrame	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.options.OptionsDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.OptionsDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.OptionsDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.options.OptionsDialog	God Class
src.lib.org.jext.actions.CreateTemplate	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.actions.CreateTemplate	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.Workspaces$WorkspaceElement	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Brain Method
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Feature Envy
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	God Class
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Brain Class
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Refused Parent Bequest
src.lib.gnu.regexp.RE	Tradition Breaker
src.lib.org.jext.gui.AbstractOptionPane	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.gui.AbstractOptionPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.gui.AbstractOptionPane	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.jext.misc.SaveDialog	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.misc.SaveDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.SaveDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.SaveDialog	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.SaveDialog	Feature Envy
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlException	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlException	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.com.microstar.xml.XmlException	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$backspace	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputHandler$prev_page	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTabbedPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTabbedPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTabbedPane	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.JextTabbedPane	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDownload	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDownload	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDownload	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDownload	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TSQLTokenMarker	Brain Method
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TSQLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TSQLTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.ScrollUp	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.protocol.jextresource.PluginResURLConnection	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.misc.PluginDownload$WaitDialog	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PikeTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JSLineBreaker	God Class
src.lib.org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.PatchTokenMarker	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseLineParser	Brain Method
src.plugins.Java.JBrowseLineParser	Intensive Coupling
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree$Node	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree$Node	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree$Node	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Java.UMLTree$Node	Feature Envy
src.plugins.Php.src.PHPBrowse	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.textarea.IndentOnTab	Intensive Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.gui.JextButton	Dispersed Coupling
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.DoLoopFunction	Brain Method
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.DoLoopFunction	Feature Envy
src.lib.org.jext.dawn.loop.DoLoopFunction	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFilesHelper	Feature Envy
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFilesHelper	Dispersed Coupling
src.plugins.FindInFiles.src.FindInFilesHelper	Dispersed Coupling
