src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView	Tradition Breaker
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGVertexWriter	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBackend	Data Class
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphFibonacciHeap	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory$FactoryConfigDialog	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory$FactoryConfigDialog	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCell	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCell	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphAbstractTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.simple.SimpleGridLayout	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphDropTargetListener	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphDropTargetListener	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphDropTargetListener	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutPanel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutPanel	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutPanel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutPanel	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$EventRedirector	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.IconExample$IconGraph	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphSelectionModel	Shotgun Surgery
examples.com.jgraph.example.panelexample.FlyweightUIComponent	Brain Method
examples.com.jgraph.example.panelexample.FlyweightUIComponent	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator$NavigatorPane	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator$NavigatorPane	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator$NavigatorPane	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator$NavigatorPane	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleGraph	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleGraph	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleGraph	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphModelFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphModelFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphModelFacade	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.org.jgraph.example.JGraphAbstractIconAnimator	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.JGraphAbstractIconAnimator	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferable	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.util.RectUtils	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.util.JGraphPrintingScrollPane	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphTransferable	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdX	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphSelectionModel	God Class
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGVertexRenderer	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutMorphingManager	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutMorphingManager	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutMorphingManager	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutMorphingManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphAlgebra	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphAlgebra	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphAlgebra	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.graph.JGraphSpringLayout	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.graph.JGraphSpringLayout	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphModel$GraphModelEdit	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLEntity	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastGraphModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.navigation.PanningTool	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.navigation.GraphNavigator	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferHandler	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferHandler	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphTransferHandler	God Class
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	God Class
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.util.ParallelEdgeRouter	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor	God Class
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphModel	Shotgun Surgery
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleLayoutCache	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastPortView	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.LiveJGraphInternalFrame	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastCircleView$JGraphEllipseRenderer	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastCircleView$JGraphEllipseRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	God Class
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.MultiLineVertexRenderer	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	God Class
src.org.jgraph.JGraph	Brain Class
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphLayoutExample	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphLayoutExample	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphLayoutExample	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphLayoutExample	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor$DefaultTextField	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphContext	Data Class
examples.com.jgraph.navigation.NavigationExample	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.ConnectionSet	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.ConnectionSet	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphExampleLayoutCache$JGraphMoveSelectionFacade	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Brain Method
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Intensive Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Intensive Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Data Class
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphWordBrowser	Tradition Breaker
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexView$SizeHandle	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$ComponentHandler	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphShadowBorder	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphShadowBorder	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastCircleView$JGraphEllipseRenderer	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastCircleView$JGraphEllipseRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.util.Spline	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.mycellmodeleditor.BusinessObjectEditor$RealCellEditor	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultEdge$DefaultRouting	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultEdge$DefaultRouting	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.Main	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$KeyHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$GraphSelectAllAction	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLBusinessModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.mycellmodeleditor.BusinessObjectEditor$RealCellEditor	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphAbstractTreeLayout$TreeNode	Intensive Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterExample	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterExample	Refused Parent Bequest
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyModel	Brain Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphLayoutProgress	Shotgun Surgery
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Brain Method
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGraphFactory	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.PortView	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.PortView	Refused Parent Bequest
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphCompactTreeLayout	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	God Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Data Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphAdapterModel	Tradition Breaker
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap$SerializableRectangle2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap$SerializableRectangle2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap$SerializableRectangle2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap$SerializableRectangle2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AttributeMap$SerializableRectangle2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.ParentMap	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.ParentMap	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.ParentMap	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.demo.JGraphLayoutProgressMonitor	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLQueryPane	Brain Method
examples.com.jgraph.example.adapter.JGraphSQLQueryPane	Dispersed Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	God Class
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyMarqueeHandler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.CellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGEdgeWriter	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGEdgeWriter	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeRenderer	Brain Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphRadialTreeLayout	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphRadialTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphRadialTreeLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphRadialTreeLayout	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphRadialTreeLayout	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphCoordinateAssignment	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor$EditorContainer	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.DefaultGraphCellEditor$EditorContainer	Intensive Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphEdMV	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.mycellview.JGraphRoundRectView$ActivityRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.GraphSelectionDemo$SyncGraphSelectionListener	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphFastOrganicLayout	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphFastOrganicLayout	Intensive Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.GraphEd$MyGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.util.Spline2D	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.util.Spline2D	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.RichTextGraphModel	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.RichTextGraphModel	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphGroupRenderer	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.AbstractCellView	God Class
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$GraphModelHandler	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastVertexView	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.mycellmodeleditor.BusinessObjectEditor$RealCellEditor	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$GraphSelectionHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.BasicMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.BasicMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.BasicMarqueeHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.BasicMarqueeHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.OrganizationalChart$OrganizationalTreeNode	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.OrganizationalChart$OrganizationalTreeNode	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.OrganizationalChart$OrganizationalTreeNode	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexRenderer	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexRenderer	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexRenderer	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.VertexRenderer	Data Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMinimumCycleRemover	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMinimumCycleRemover	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphFoldingManager	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.JGraphFoldingManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphHierarchicalLayout	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphHierarchicalLayout	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphHierarchicalLayout	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.model.JGraphHierarchyEdge	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.mycellmodeleditor.BusinessObjectEditor$RealCellEditor	Dispersed Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.JGraphIconView$IconDisplay	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.groupeditor.GroupManager	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.groupeditor.GroupManager	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache$GraphLayoutCacheEdit	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	God Class
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Data Class
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI	Refused Parent Bequest
examples.com.jgraph.layout.svg.SVGExample	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.layout.svg.SVGExample	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphMedianHybridCrossingReduction	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphUndoManager	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphUndoManager	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.PortRenderer	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.PortRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.hierarchical.JGraphGreedyCycleRemover	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphUnionFind	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.algebra.JGraphUnionFind	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$PropertyChangeHandler	Intensive Coupling
examples.org.jgraph.example.CompoundVertexView	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.CompoundVertexView	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphLayoutCache	Brain Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.JGraphFacade$DefaultComparator	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.io.svg.SVGGraphWriter	Data Class
examples.com.jgraph.example.EditorGraph$EditorGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.EditorGraph$EditorGraphUI	Dispersed Coupling
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastEdgeView	Feature Envy
examples.com.jgraph.example.fastgraph.FastEdgeView	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.EdgeView$EdgeHandle	Brain Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphSelfOrganizingOrganicLayout	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$GraphLayoutCacheHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Brain Method
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.organic.JGraphOrganicLayout	Brain Class
examples.org.jgraph.example.JGraphIconView$IconRenderer	Feature Envy
examples.org.jgraph.example.JGraphIconView$IconRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.graph.JGraphSimpleLayout	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Brain Method
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$RootHandle	Brain Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	God Class
src.org.jgraph.graph.GraphConstants	Data Class
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.RichTextBusinessObject	Feature Envy
src.com.jgraph.components.labels.RichTextBusinessObject	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.util.Bezier	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	Feature Envy
src.org.jgraph.plaf.basic.BasicGraphUI$MouseHandler	God Class
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout$StandardTreeNode	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout$StandardTreeNode	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout$StandardTreeNode	Refused Parent Bequest
src.com.jgraph.layout.tree.JGraphTreeLayout$StandardTreeNode	Tradition Breaker
