src.org.jgrapht.ext.MatrixExporter	exportAdjacencyMatrixVertex	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.ext.MatrixExporter	exportLaplacianMatrix	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.ext.MatrixExporter	exportNormalizedLaplacianMatrix	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.ext.MatrixExporter	exportNormalizedLaplacianMatrix	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.GraphDelegator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	testCycleDetectionInRandomGraphBuild	Intensive Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	testTopoIterationOrderLinearGraph	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	_testPerformanceVersusStaticChecking	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	_testPerformanceVersusStaticChecking	Intensive Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	_testVisitedImplementationPerformance	Brain Method
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraphTest	_testVisitedImplementationPerformance	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.ext.GraphMLExporter	export	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.AsWeightedGraphTest	setUp	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.BlockCutpointGraphTest	testGetBlock	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.BlockCutpointGraphTest	testGetBlock	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.Subgraph$BaseGraphListener	edgeAdded	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.demo.JGraphAdapterDemo	adjustDisplaySettings	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.ext.JGraphModelAdapter	createDefaultEdgeAttributes	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.ext.JGraphModelAdapter	handleJGraphRemovedVertex	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.ext.JGraphModelAdapter	null	God Class
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.isomorphism.EquivalenceIsomorphismInspector	fillElementsflatArray	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.StrongConnectivityInspector	dfsVisit	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.DepthFirstIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.ext.VisioExporter	exportEdge	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.DijkstraShortestPath	createEdgeList	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraph	addDagEdge	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraph	addDagEdge	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.GreedyColoring	color	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.GreedyColoring	smallestDegreeLastOrder	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.GreedyColoring	largestSaturationFirstOrder	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.GreedyColoring	null	Data Class
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.GreedyColoring	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractBaseGraph$UndirectedSpecifics	getAllEdges	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractBaseGraph$UndirectedSpecifics	getAllEdges	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractBaseGraph$UndirectedSpecifics	getEdge	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.EdmondsKarpMaximumFlowTest	testCornerCases	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.EdmondsKarpMaximumFlowTest	runTest	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.BrownBacktrackColoring	recursiveColor	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.color.BrownBacktrackColoring	getResult	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.TopologicalOrderIterator	decrementInDegree	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.TopologicalOrderIterator	initialize	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.TopologicalOrderIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.alg.TransitiveClosure	closeSimpleDirectedGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.TransitiveClosure	closeSimpleDirectedGraph	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.RankingPathElementList	containsTargetPreviously	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.RankingPathElementList	isAlreadyImprovedByThisEdge	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.RankingPathElementList	isDifferent	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.RankingPathElementList	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.GraphReader	generateGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.GraphReader	generateGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.ext.DOTExporter	export	Intensive Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.AsUnweightedGraphTest	checkView	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.permutation.IntegerPermutationIter	toString	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	decreaseKey	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	insert	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	removeMin	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	toString	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	cascadingCut	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	consolidate	Brain Method
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	consolidate	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	cut	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.util.FibonacciHeap	link	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.dag.DirectedAcyclicGraph$VisitedArrayListImpl	getInstance	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.FloydWarshallShortestPaths	FloydWarshallShortestPaths	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.KShortestPathCostTest	testKShortestPathCosts	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.generate.RingGraphGenerator	generateGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.demo.PerformanceDemo	main	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.demo.PerformanceDemo	main	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.UndirectedSubgraph	degreeOf	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.KShortestPathKValuesTest	testMaxSizeValue	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.KShortestPathKValuesTest	verifyNbPathsForAllVertices	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.GraphUnion	getEdgeWeight	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.GraphUnion	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.graph.GraphUnion	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.GraphTests	isConnected	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.GraphTests	isBipartite	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.NeighborIndex$Neighbors	getNeighborList	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.AsUndirectedGraphTest	testGetAllEdges	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.AsUndirectedGraphTest	testGetEdge	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.MaskEdgeSet$MaskEdgeSetNextElementFunctor	isMasked	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.alg.IntArrayGraphAlgorithm	IntArrayGraphAlgorithm	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.BiconnectivityInspector	getBiconnectedVertexComponents	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.EulerianCircuit	getEulerianCircuitVertices	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.DefaultListenableGraph	fireVertexAdded	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.DefaultListenableGraph	fireVertexRemoved	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.DefaultListenableGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.alg.EdmondsKarpMaximumFlow	buildInternalNetwork	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.equivalence.EquivalenceSetCreator	createEqualityGroupMap	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.isomorphism.GraphOrdering	init	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.traverse.AbstractGraphIteratorTest	testDirectedGraph	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractBaseGraph	null	Data Class
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractBaseGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.graph.MaskSubgraph	null	Data Class
src.org.jgrapht.graph.MaskSubgraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.generate.StarGraphGenerator	generateGraph	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.DijkstraShortestPathTest	testConstructor	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.Subgraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.graph.Subgraph	null	Tradition Breaker
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.equivalence.EquivalenceComparatorChainBase	equivalenceHashcode	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.generate.GraphGeneratorTest	testLinearGraphGenerator	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.generate.GraphGeneratorTest	testLinearGraphGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.ChromaticNumber	findGreedyChromaticNumber	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.generate.HyperCubeGraphGenerator	generateGraph	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.isomorphism.IsomorphismInspectorTest	checkRelation	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.isomorphism.IsomorphismInspectorTest	checkRelation	Dispersed Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.experimental.isomorphism.IsomorphismInspectorTest	assertIsomorphicStopAfterFirstMatch	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.AbstractGraph	toStringFromSets	Intensive Coupling
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.SimpleDirectedGraphTest	verifyReversal	Feature Envy
testsrc.org.jgrapht.graph.SimpleDirectedGraphTest	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.CrossComponentIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
testsrc.org.jgrapht.alg.BellmanFordShortestPathTest	testConstructor	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.touchgraph.TouchgraphPanel	preinitialize	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.ext.JGraphModelAdapter$JGraphListener	graphChanged	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.generate.ScaleFreeGraphGenerator	generateGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.generate.ScaleFreeGraphGenerator	generateGraph	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.BlockCutpointGraph	BlockCutpointGraph	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.BlockCutpointGraph	dfsVisit	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jgrapht.alg.BlockCutpointGraph	null	Refused Parent Bequest
testsrc.org.jgrapht.generate.RandomGraphGeneratorTest	generateGraphs	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.experimental.GraphSquare	GraphSquare	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.Graphs	getPathVertexList	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.ClosestFirstIterator	provideNextVertex	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.traverse.ClosestFirstIterator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.jgrapht.graph.DirectedGraphUnion	incomingEdgesOf	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.graph.DirectedGraphUnion	outgoingEdgesOf	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.HamiltonianCycle	getApproximateOptimalForCompleteGraph	Feature Envy
src.org.jgrapht.alg.HamiltonianCycle	getApproximateOptimalForCompleteGraph	Intensive Coupling
