src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Comment	add	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Comment	query	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Comment	header_out	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Comment	null	Data Class
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Residue0	pack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Residue0	unpack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Residue0	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.KLabel	_init	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	usage	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	read	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	read	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	write	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	write	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	null	God Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.JOrbisComment	null	Brain Class
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	load	Feature Envy
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	getVariables	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	replaceVariables	Intensive Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	processProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	load	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	store	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	null	God Class
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.ui.StatusBar	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.StatusBar	null	Tradition Breaker
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.DecodeExample	main	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.DecodeExample	main	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleEditor	SimpleEditor	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleEditor	setEditable	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleEditor	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.StateIndicator	StateIndicator	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.xml.DomElement	getAttribute	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.xml.DomElement	getChild	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.xml.DomElement	getChildText	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.xml.DomElement	getChildren	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	pack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	unpack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	look	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	look	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	inverse1	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	null	God Class
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor1	null	Brain Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.StreamGobbler	run	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.StreamGobbler	run	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown$ListCheckBoxMouseListsener	mouseClicked	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.DateRangeHelper	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.ResourceManager	getIcon	Shotgun Surgery
src.kiwi.util.ResourceManager	getResourceBundle	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.util.ResourceManager	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.TextureViewer	TextureViewer	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.DspState	synthesis_blockin	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.DspState	synthesis_blockin	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ScrollbackView	addItem	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.StaticCodeBook	pack	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.StaticCodeBook	unpack	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.StaticCodeBook	null	Brain Class
src.kiwi.ui.LookAndFeelChooser	LookAndFeelChooser	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	getPlaylistVector	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	getPlaylistVector	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	getSongName	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	getURL	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	sortSongsByFilename	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	sortSongsBySongTitle	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	loadPlaylist	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	savePlaylistFile	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PlayList	saveFavourites	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mapping0	pack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mapping0	unpack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mapping0	inverse	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mapping0	null	God Class
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.MusicEntry	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PopUpButton	PopUpButton	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PopUpButton	PopUpButton	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PopUpButton	setSelectedIndex	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.PopUpButton	sortDefaultList	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jogg.SyncState	pageseek	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jogg.SyncState	pageseek	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jogg.SyncState	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.ui.KInternalFrame	setBusyCursor	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KInternalFrame	destroy	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ToggleIndicator	ToggleIndicator	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.PathEditor	actionPerformed	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.util.ReplacementClassLoader	loadClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.DataField	paintInvalid	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.DataField	getMaximumLength	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.dnd.FileDrop	FileDrop	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.ImageView	ImageView	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.ImageView	scaleImage	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.Thermometer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser$CalendarPane	paint	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser$CalendarPane	getPreferredSize	Feature Envy
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationFileHandler$MyErrorHandler	getParseExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Splash	main	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Splash	run	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.ColorTheme	init	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ColorTheme	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.ModelListCellRenderer	getListCellRendererComponent	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleStyledEditor$TextReader	insertString	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Album	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.KPanel	findComponent	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KPanel	setFocusOrder	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	closeEditor	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	closeEditor	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	updateMenuHooks	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	updateMenuHooks	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager	null	Data Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.VorbisInfo	main	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.VorbisInfo	fetch_header_and_packet	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.VorbisInfo	fetch_comment_info	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.VorbisInfo	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.KCheckBox	KCheckBox	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KCheckBox	KCheckBox	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KCheckBox	KCheckBox	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.KiwiUtils	_cascadeWindow	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.KiwiUtils	busyOn	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.KiwiUtils	null	God Class
src.kiwi.util.KiwiUtils	null	Data Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer$TimerThread	run	Brain Method
src.kiwi.ui.ArrowButtonView	resetButtons	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTableView	setMultipleSelectionsAllowed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTableView	getSelectedFiles	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ToolTipWindow	setVisible	Feature Envy
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationManager	getInstance	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationManager	getProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationManager	load	Feature Envy
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationManager	toString	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationManager	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.KFileChooser	_removeOpacity	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceEditor	setComment	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	drfti1	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	dradf4	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	dradfg	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	drftf1	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	dradb4	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	dradbg	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	drftb1	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Drft	null	Brain Class
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	_computeFirstDay	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	_refresh	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	copyDate	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser	null	Tradition Breaker
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Chart	getChart	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jcraft.jogg.Page	serialno	Shotgun Surgery
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.OggFileRef	initVorbisComment	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.OggFileRef	initVorbisComment	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.OggFileRef	getTrackNumber	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WebBrowser	openURL	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.KRadioButton	KRadioButton	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KRadioButton	KRadioButton	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KTable	stopEditing	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	handshakeWithLastfm	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	handshakeWithLastfm	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	getLastfmErrorType	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	setDisplayFont	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	loadTextureNames	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	init_audio	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	tryPlay	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	tryPlay	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	updateDisplayPopup	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	initMenus	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	initMenus	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	showPlaylistPanel	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	showMiniView	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	initUI	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	autoPlay	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	init	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	init	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	run	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	run	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	stop	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	stop	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	loadConfigs	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	actionPerformed	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.jOggPlayer	actionPerformed	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemListView	setMultipleSelectionsAllowed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemListView	setRoot	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemListView	getSelectedFiles	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemListView	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.ButtonPanel$AnchorLayout	layoutSize	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.CommandDispatcher	CommandDispatcher	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.util.CommandDispatcher	dispatch	Dispersed Coupling
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Playlist	playlistFromElement	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.util.ComponentPrinter	print	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Artist	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.PathEditor$PathListCellEditor	isCellEditable	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.PathEditor$PathListCellEditor	actionPerformed	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.PathEditor$PathListCellEditor	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.NumericField	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Track	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	packetin	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	packetout	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	pagein	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	pagein	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	pagein	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	flush	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jogg.StreamState	flush	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.AboutFrame	AboutFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.KFrame	setBusyCursor	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KFrame	destroy	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ModelTableCellRenderer	getTableCellRendererComponent	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleStyledEditor	decode	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.SimpleStyledEditor	null	God Class
src.kiwi.ui.AboutFrame$_ActionListener	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.ColorSwatch	paintIcon	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mdct	init	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Mdct	mdct_kernel	Brain Method
src.kiwi.ui.ConsoleAdapter	_run	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	initUtil	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	moveFile	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	createCurrentDateTime	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	createCurrentDateStamp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	createCurrentDateTimeStamp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	createCurrentTimeStamp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	createTimerTimeStamp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	removeDir	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	removeOldFiles	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	dirSize	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	tokenReplaceInFile	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	searchInFile	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	searchInFile	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	searchInFile	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	searchInFile	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	findFile	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	spacesToCapsInDir	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	getFilePathFromClasspath	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	setTheLookAndFeel	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	chooseAFilename	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	executeNativeApp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	executeNativeApp	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	threadWatchdog	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	executeNativeApp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	executeNativeApp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	countFilesInDir	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	main	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	main	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	null	God Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	null	Brain Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.Util	null	Data Class
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	fetch_headers	Intensive Coupling
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	process_packet	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	process_packet	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	process_packet	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	bitrate	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	pcm_seek	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	read	Brain Method
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	null	Brain Class
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.VorbisFile	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.ui.KButton	KButton	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KButton	KButton	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Event	venueFromElement	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Event	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	runApp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	ensureTheAppIsAvailable	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	parseAppExecutableUrl	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	checkForUpdatedApp	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	updateAppFromServer	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	updateAppFromServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	executeJavaApp	Intensive Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	parseProperties	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	parseProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	loadAutoAppPropertiesFile	Brain Method
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	loadAutoAppPropertiesFile	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	null	God Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	null	Brain Class
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.AutoUpdateApp	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.util.LocaleData	getMessage	Shotgun Surgery
src.kiwi.ui.WorkspaceManager$_FrameListener	internalFrameClosing	Dispersed Coupling
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Result	isSuccessful	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Result	getContentElement	Shotgun Surgery
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	JCheckDropDown	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	JCheckDropDown	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	sortDefaultList	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	sortArray	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown	null	Tradition Breaker
src.com.jcraft.jogg.Buffer	write	Shotgun Surgery
src.com.jcraft.jogg.Buffer	read	Shotgun Surgery
src.kiwi.ui.ToolTipManager	_run	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.dnd.DnDList	drop	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.JCheckDropDown$CheckBoxRenderer	getListCellRendererComponent	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KTable$_HeaderRenderer	getTableCellRendererComponent	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTreeView	setMultipleSelectionsAllowed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTreeView	setRoot	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTreeView	getSelectedFiles	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.FilesystemTreeView	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	getLocaleData	Shotgun Surgery
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	formatCurrency	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	formatCurrency	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	formatPercentage	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	formatPercentage	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	formatDecimal	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	null	God Class
src.kiwi.util.LocaleManager	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.ui.UIElementChooser	setElementList	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.UIElementChooser	setElementList	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.UIElementChooser	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.DocumentBrowserView	DocumentBrowserView	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.DocumentBrowserView	nodesForPath	Dispersed Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.WizardView	reset	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WizardView	refresh	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.WizardView	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.kiwi.ui.ConsoleFrame	ConsoleFrame	Dispersed Coupling
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.CodeBook	decode	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.CodeBook	make_decode_tree	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.CodeBook	null	God Class
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationPropertiesHandler	store	Feature Envy
src.org.jconfig.ConfigurationPropertiesHandler	storeProperties	Dispersed Coupling
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.scrobble.Scrobbler	handshake	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.scrobble.Scrobbler	performHandshake	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.ColouredLabel	setFont	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.ColouredLabel	getTextColourHtmlString	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	pack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	unpack	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	state	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	inverse2	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	lpc_to_curve	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Floor0	null	God Class
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	call	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	call	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	call	Shotgun Surgery
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	call	Dispersed Coupling
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	buildParameterQueue	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.Caller	buildParameterQueue	Dispersed Coupling
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.Log	createCurrentTimeStamp	Feature Envy
src.ca.bc.webarts.tools.Log	null	Data Class
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Info	synthesis_headerin	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Info	blocksize	Feature Envy
src.com.jcraft.jorbis.Info	null	Data Class
src.kiwi.ui.KToggleButton	KToggleButton	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.KToggleButton	KToggleButton	Feature Envy
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.User	null	God Class
src.net.roarsoftware.lastfm.User	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.ca.bc.webarts.widgets.dnd.TransferableObject	getTransferData	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.DateChooser$CalendarPane$_MouseListener2	mousePressed	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.LocaleChooser	LocaleChooser	Feature Envy
src.kiwi.ui.LocaleChooser	LocaleChooser	Intensive Coupling
src.kiwi.ui.NumericTableCellRenderer	setValue	Dispersed Coupling
