jparse.expr.VarAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.VarAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.VarAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.stmt.WhileAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.SynchronizedAST	Feature Envy
test.JavaType	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.SwitchAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.CaseGroupAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.NewAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.NewAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.NewAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.IdentifierAST	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.expr.IdentifierAST	Brain Method
jparse.expr.IdentifierAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.IdentifierAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.ArrayInitAST	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Method
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Method
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Method
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaLexer	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Method
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Method
jparse.JavaLexer	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaLexer	God Class
jparse.JavaLexer	Brain Class
jparse.JavaLexer	Data Class
jparse.expr.ArithmeticAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ArithmeticAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.AssignAST	Feature Envy
jparse.Type	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.Type	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.Type	Brain Method
jparse.Type	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.Type	Feature Envy
jparse.Type	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.Type	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.Type	God Class
jparse.Type	Brain Class
jparse.stmt.DeclarationAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.DeclarationAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ConditionalAST	Refused Parent Bequest
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Brain Method
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Brain Method
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	Feature Envy
test.JavaTyper	God Class
test.JavaTyper	Brain Class
test.JavaTyper	Data Class
jparse.stmt.DoWhileAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.AssertAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.AssertAST	Feature Envy
jparse.VarList	Data Class
jparse.expr.ShiftAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ShiftAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.TypecastAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.TypecastAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.ModifierAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.BitwiseAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.BooleanAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.BooleanAST	Brain Method
jparse.expr.BooleanAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.BooleanAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.BooleanAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.JavaParser	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaParser	Feature Envy
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Intensive Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Method
jparse.JavaParser	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.JavaParser	God Class
jparse.JavaParser	Brain Class
jparse.JavaParser	Data Class
jparse.stmt.ForAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.ForAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.stmt.CompoundAST	Feature Envy
jparse.FileAST	Feature Envy
jparse.FileAST	Brain Method
jparse.FileAST	Dispersed Coupling
test.JavaCopy	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledConstructor	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledConstructor	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledConstructor	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledConstructor	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.stmt.StatementAST	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.stmt.StatementAST	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.SymbolTable	Feature Envy
jparse.SymbolTable	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.stmt.IfElseAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.IfElseAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.IfElseAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.IfElseAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.expr.MethodCallAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.MethodCallAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.expr.MethodCallAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.MethodCallAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.CompiledType	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.CompiledType	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.SourceType	Feature Envy
jparse.SourceType	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.SourceType	God Class
jparse.SourceType	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.JavaAST	Shotgun Surgery
jparse.stmt.TryAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.TryAST	Feature Envy
jparse.stmt.TryAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.ConstrAST	Feature Envy
jparse.ConstrAST	Feature Envy
jparse.ConstrAST	Dispersed Coupling
jparse.ConstrAST	God Class
jparse.ConstrAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.ConstrAST	Tradition Breaker
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	Feature Envy
jparse.MethAST	God Class
jparse.MethAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.MethAST	Tradition Breaker
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Brain Method
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
test.JavaPrinter	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.UnaryArithAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ListAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ListAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ListAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ListAST	Feature Envy
jparse.expr.ListAST	Refused Parent Bequest
jparse.CompiledMethod	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledMethod	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledMethod	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledMethod	Feature Envy
jparse.CompiledMethod	Feature Envy
