source.org.java.plugin.registry.UniqueIdentity	Shotgun Surgery
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockParameter	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginRegistry	Data Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl$RegistryChangeDataImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl$ParameterDefinitionImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl$ParameterDefinitionImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl$ParameterDefinitionImpl	Tradition Breaker
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.LibraryImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.LibraryImpl	Intensive Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	Shotgun Surgery
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	Brain Method
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.BaseJpfTask	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.DocumentationImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ManifestInfoHandler	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockExtension	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Intensive Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.PluginArchiver	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ManifestHandler	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ManifestHandler	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ManifestHandler	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ManifestHandler	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginDescriptor	God Class
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginDescriptor	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.Version	Data Class
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginLifecycleHandler	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultPluginsCollector	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultPluginsCollector	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.util.IoUtil	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginElementImpl	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadowDataController	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.util.ResourceManager	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ControlThread	Intensive Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ControlThread	Intensive Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ControlThread	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ControlThread	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.Identity	Shotgun Surgery
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.docgen.DocGenerator	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.docgen.DocGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader$ResourceFilter	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader$PluginResourceLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.util.ExtendedProperties	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.util.ExtendedProperties	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.util.ExtendedProperties	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl	Tradition Breaker
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.SortTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.SortTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.SortTask	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.PackTask	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.IntegrityChecker	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.IntegrityChecker	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginDescriptorImpl	Tradition Breaker
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.PathTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.PathTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.PathTask	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginFragmentImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginFragmentImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Brain Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginRegistryImpl	Data Class
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Data Class
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginManager	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingPathResolver	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingPathResolver	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingPathResolver	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingPathResolver	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginFragment	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.PluginAttributeImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.ShadingUtil	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.IdentityImpl	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionPointImpl	Tradition Breaker
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.DocTask	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.PluginInfoTask	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.CheckTask	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.CheckTask	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardObjectFactory	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardObjectFactory	Intensive Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.SingleFilePluginTask	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginElement	Shotgun Surgery
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ErrorDialog	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ErrorDialog	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.ErrorDialog	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.PathResolver	Shotgun Surgery
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.Util	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginRegistry	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginRegistry	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginRegistry	Shotgun Surgery
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.BootErrorHandlerGui	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Intensive Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Brain Class
source.org.java.plugin.standard.StandardPluginClassLoader	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask	Brain Method
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.ObjectFactory	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.ObjectFactory	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.DocumentationImpl$ReferenceImpl	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	God Class
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.Boot	Data Class
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginPrerequisite	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl$ParameterImpl	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl$ParameterImpl	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl$ParameterImpl	God Class
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl$ParameterImpl	Refused Parent Bequest
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ExtensionImpl$ParameterImpl	Tradition Breaker
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultApplicationInitializer	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultApplicationInitializer	Dispersed Coupling
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultApplicationInitializer	Feature Envy
source-boot.org.java.plugin.boot.DefaultApplicationInitializer	Feature Envy
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.PluginDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ParameterValueParser	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ParameterValueParser	Brain Method
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ParameterValueParser	Dispersed Coupling
source.org.java.plugin.registry.xml.ParameterValueParser	God Class
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask$PluginInfo	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask$PluginInfo	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask$PluginInfo	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask$PluginInfo	Dispersed Coupling
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.ant.VersionUpdateTask$PluginInfo	Feature Envy
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockPluginAttribute	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockExtensionPoint	Refused Parent Bequest
source-tools.org.java.plugin.tools.mocks.MockParameterDefinition	Refused Parent Bequest
