org.junit.rules.MethodRule	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.junit.rules.MethodRule	apply	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.junit.rules.TestRule	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.junit.rules.TestRule	apply	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.junit.runner.Request	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.junit.runner.Request	getRunner	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder	null	Creator	Factory Method
org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder	runnerForClass	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapterCache	null	Singleton	Singleton
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapterCache	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.junit.rules.RuleChain	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.junit.rules.RuleChain	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.junit.runner.Description	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.junit.runner.Description	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.junit.runner.Description	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Filter	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Filter	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Sorter	null	Singleton	Singleton
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Sorter	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapterCache	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter	run	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.runner.notification.RunNotifier	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner$OldTestClassAdaptingListener	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner$OldTestClassAdaptingListener	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner$OldTestClassAdaptingListener	endTest	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner$OldTestClassAdaptingListener	startTest	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner$OldTestClassAdaptingListener	addError	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.Theories$TheoryAnchor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.Theories$TheoryAnchor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.Theories$TheoryAnchor	evaluate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod	evaluate	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Filter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	getRunner	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.internal.AllMembersSupplier$MethodParameterValue	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.internal.AllMembersSupplier$MethodParameterValue	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.internal.AllMembersSupplier$MethodParameterValue	getValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
org.junit.experimental.theories.internal.AllMembersSupplier$MethodParameterValue	getDescription	Request()	(Object)Adapter
junit.framework.Test	null	Component	Composite
junit.framework.TestSuite	null	Composite	Composite
junit.framework.TestSuite	countTestCases	Operation()	Composite
org.junit.rules.TestRule	null	Component	Composite
org.junit.rules.RuleChain	null	Composite	Composite
org.junit.rules.RuleChain	apply	Operation()	Composite
org.junit.runner.Request	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	getRunner	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runner.Request	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.SortingRequest	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.SortingRequest	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.requests.SortingRequest	getRunner	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.ExpectException	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.ExpectException	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.ExpectException	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.rules.ExpectedException$ExpectedExceptionStatement	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	Component	Decorator
org.junit.rules.RunRules	null	Decorator	Decorator
org.junit.rules.RunRules	null	component	Decorator
org.junit.rules.RunRules	evaluate	Operation()	Decorator
junit.framework.Test	null	Component	Decorator
junit.extensions.TestDecorator	null	Decorator	Decorator
junit.extensions.TestDecorator	null	component	Decorator
junit.extensions.TestDecorator	countTestCases	Operation()	Decorator
junit.framework.TestListener	null	Observer	Observer
junit.framework.TestResult	null	Subject	Observer
junit.framework.TestResult	addError	Notify()	Observer
junit.framework.TestResult	addFailure	Notify()	Observer
junit.framework.TestResult	endTest	Notify()	Observer
junit.framework.TestResult	startTest	Notify()	Observer
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	null	State	State
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$StatementThread	null	Context	State
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$StatementThread	null	state	State
org.junit.internal.runners.statements.FailOnTimeout$StatementThread	run	Request()	State
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	Context	State
org.junit.runner.manipulation.Filter	null	State	State
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	null	state	State
org.junit.internal.requests.FilterRequest	getRunner	Request()	State
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	null	Abstraction	Bridge
org.junit.runners.model.RunnerScheduler	null	Implementor	Bridge
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	null	implementor	Bridge
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	runChildren	Operation()	Bridge
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	startTest	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	endTest	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	addError	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	addFailure	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	getTest	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.internal.ComparisonCriteria	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.internal.ComparisonCriteria	arrayEquals	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.internal.matchers.SubstringMatcher	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.internal.matchers.SubstringMatcher	matchesSafely	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.internal.matchers.SubstringMatcher	describeTo	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.internal.matchers.TypeSafeMatcher	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.internal.matchers.TypeSafeMatcher	matches	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable	run	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runner.notification.RunNotifier$SafeNotifier	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.runner.notification.RunNotifier$SafeNotifier	run	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runner.Runner	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.runner.Runner	testCount	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMember	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMember	isShadowedBy	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.runners.model.RunnerBuilder	safeRunnerForClass	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	getDescription	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	getFilteredChildren	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	shouldRun	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter	null	Proxy	Proxy
org.junit.runner.Runner	null	RealSubject	Proxy
junit.framework.JUnit4TestAdapter	getDescription	Request()	Proxy
