org.junit.internal.runners.statements.ExpectException	evaluate	Feature Envy
org.junit.runners.ParentRunner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	getTest	Dispersed Coupling
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	processArguments	Feature Envy
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	null	God Class
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner	null	Data Class
org.junit.runners.model.Statement	evaluate	Shotgun Surgery
org.junit.experimental.max.MaxCore	buildRunner	Feature Envy
org.junit.internal.matchers.TypeSafeMatcher	findExpectedType	Feature Envy
org.junit.experimental.categories.Categories$CategoryFilter	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.internal.builders.AnnotatedBuilder	buildRunner	Feature Envy
org.junit.runner.Description	getChildren	Shotgun Surgery
org.junit.internal.runners.MethodValidator	validateTestMethods	Dispersed Coupling
org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner	validateNoNonStaticInnerClass	Feature Envy
org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner	null	God Class
org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit4ClassRunner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
junit.textui.TestRunner	null	Data Class
junit.textui.TestRunner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.experimental.theories.Theories$TheoryAnchor	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.runners.Parameterized	Parameterized	Feature Envy
org.junit.internal.runners.MethodRoadie	runWithTimeout	Feature Envy
org.junit.internal.runners.MethodRoadie	runTestMethod	Intensive Coupling
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner	makeDescription	Dispersed Coupling
org.junit.internal.runners.JUnit38ClassRunner	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod	validatePublicVoid	Dispersed Coupling
org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.junit.runner.JUnitCore	runMain	Dispersed Coupling
junit.framework.TestSuite	addTestsFromTestCase	Feature Envy
junit.framework.TestSuite	addTestsFromTestCase	Intensive Coupling
junit.framework.TestSuite	addTestMethod	Feature Envy
junit.framework.TestSuite	isTestMethod	Feature Envy
org.junit.experimental.theories.internal.AllMembersSupplier	addFields	Dispersed Coupling
junit.framework.TestCase	null	Refused Parent Bequest
