src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.DefaultFilter	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLConfiguration$ErrorReporter	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLErrorReporter	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLConfiguration	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLConfiguration	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLConfiguration	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLConfiguration	God Class
src.sample.Script	Feature Envy
src.sample.Script	Dispersed Coupling
src.sample.Script	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder$NamespaceSupport	Feature Envy
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.CanonicalTest	Intensive Coupling
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.CanonicalTest	Feature Envy
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.CanonicalTest	Feature Envy
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.CanonicalTest	Feature Envy
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.CanonicalTest	Dispersed Coupling
test.java.org.cyberneko.html.FragmentContextStackTest	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.parsers.DOMFragmentParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.parsers.DOMFragmentParser	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.parsers.DOMFragmentParser	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.parsers.DOMFragmentParser	Data Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.ElementRemover	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$ContentScanner	Brain Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer$Info	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer$Info	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$SpecialScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$SpecialScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$SpecialScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Brain Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLTagBalancer	Data Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner	Brain Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLEntities$IntProperties	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Intensive Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$CurrentEntity	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$CurrentEntity	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$CurrentEntity	Data Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.ObjectFactory	Brain Method
src.org.cyberneko.html.ObjectFactory	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.cyberneko.html.ObjectFactory	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.ObjectFactory	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.ObjectFactory	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLAugmentations	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$PlaybackInputStream	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.HTMLScanner$PlaybackInputStream	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	Feature Envy
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	God Class
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.Purifier	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.cyberneko.html.filters.NamespaceBinder$NamespaceSupport$Entry	Feature Envy
