src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.FlushTag	setScope	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.FlushTag	doStartTag	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.FlushTag	doStartTag	Intensive Coupling
src.webapp.WEB-INF.classes.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.OscacheServlet	doGet	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.ExpiresRefreshPolicy	needsRefresh	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.DiskPersistenceListener	getCacheFileName	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.TestGeneralCacheAdministrator	testCacheEntryEventListenerCounters	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.TestGeneralCacheAdministrator	testCacheMapAccessEventListenerCounters	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.TestGeneralCacheAdministrator	populate	Intensive Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.TestGeneralCacheAdministrator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.TestGeneralCacheAdministrator	null	Tradition Breaker
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Config	getProperty	Shotgun Surgery
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.clustersupport.TestJMSBroadcastingListener	getConfig	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.events.TestScopeEvent	testScopeEvent	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.TestHashDiskPersistenceListener	setUp	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.TestHashDiskPersistenceListener	testStoreRetrieve	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.clustersupport.ListenForClusterTests$ShutdownHookThread	run	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache$Entry	equals	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.events.TestCacheMapAccessEvent	testCacheMapAccessEvent	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.extra.TestScopeEventListenerImpl	testScopeEventListenerImpl	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestCache	testBug174CacheOverflowAndUpdate	Dispersed Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestCache	testBug174CacheMisses	Dispersed Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.events.TestCacheEntryEvent	testCacheEntryEvent	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.TestFastCronParser	testValidExpressionParsing	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.TestFastCronParser	cronCall	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.TestFastCronParser	cronCall	Dispersed Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.TestFastCronParser	iterate	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.HashDiskPersistenceListener	byteArrayToHexString	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.extra.TestCacheMapAccessEventListenerImpl	testCacheMapAccessEventListenerImpl	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.extra.TestCacheEntryEventListenerImpl	testCacheEntryEventListenerImpl	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestConcurrency	setUp	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestConcurrency	testStaleEntry	Intensive Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestConcurrency	testStaleEntryBlocking	Intensive Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestConcurrency	testConcurrentStaleGets	Brain Method
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestConcurrency	testConcurrentStaleGets	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.ClassLoaderUtil	loadClass	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.AbstractDiskPersistenceListener	initFileCaching	Intensive Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.AbstractDiskPersistenceListener	store	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.AbstractDiskPersistenceListener	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.AbstractDiskPersistenceListener	null	Data Class
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testContainsKey	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testGet	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testGetSetMaxEntries	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testPut	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testPutOverflow	Intensive Coupling
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	testRemove	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.TestQueueCache	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.GeneralCacheAdministrator	getCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.GeneralCacheAdministrator	getFromCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.GeneralCacheAdministrator	cancelUpdate	Shotgun Surgery
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.GeneralCacheAdministrator	putInCache	Shotgun Surgery
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.general.GeneralCacheAdministrator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.clustersupport.AbstractBroadcastingListener	handleClusterNotification	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.AbstractCacheAdministrator	getCacheEventListeners	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.AbstractCacheAdministrator	null	Data Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	setDateHeader	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	addDateHeader	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	setHeader	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheHttpServletResponseWrapper	addHeader	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.clustersupport.ListenForClusterTests	mainLoop	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.extra.CacheMapAccessEventListenerImpl	accessed	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.extra.ScopeEventListenerImpl	scopeFlushed	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.TestCacheEntry	testSetGetContent	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.clustersupport.TestJMS10BroadcastingListener	getConfig	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	Cache	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	Cache	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	getFromCache	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	getFromCache	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	flushPattern	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	null	Brain Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.Cache	null	Data Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.CacheEntry	getKey	Shotgun Surgery
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	getTimeBefore	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	parseExpression	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	storeExpressionValues	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	getValue	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	makeParseException	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.util.FastCronParser	null	Brain Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	doAfterBody	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	doAfterBody	Intensive Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	doStartTag	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	parseISO_8601_Duration	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	parseISO_8601_Duration	Intensive Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.tag.CacheTag	null	Brain Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache$HashIterator	hasNext	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.GroupConcurrencyProblemTestCase	main	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.ResponseContent	writeTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	doFilter	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	init	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	init	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	instantiateFromInitParam	Intensive Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.filter.CacheFilter	null	Data Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.ServletCacheAdministrator	generateEntryKey	Intensive Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.ServletCacheAdministrator	getSortedQueryString	Dispersed Coupling
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.ServletCacheAdministrator	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.ServletCacheAdministrator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.web.ServletCacheAdministrator	null	Tradition Breaker
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.TestDiskPersistenceListener	setUp	Feature Envy
src.test.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.plugins.diskpersistence.TestDiskPersistenceListener	testStoreRetrieve	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	clear	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	containsValue	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	entrySet	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	get	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	putAll	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	findAndRemoveEntry	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	rehash	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	sput	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	sremove	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	writeObject	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	put	Brain Method
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	put	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	remove	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	updateGroups	Feature Envy
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	null	God Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	null	Brain Class
src.java.com.opensymphony.oscache.base.algorithm.AbstractConcurrentReadCache	null	Data Class
