org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	getMatchingComponentAdapters	Intensive Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	getCollectionInstance	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	getCollectionInstance	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	getMapInstance	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.parameters.CollectionComponentParameter	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.containers.AbstractDelegatingMutablePicoContainer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.lifecycle.ReflectionLifecycleStrategy	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	invoking	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	invoked	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	invocationFailed	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	lifecycleInvocationFailed	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	newInjector	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.ComponentMonitor	newBehavior	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.injectors.AbstractInjector	createDefaultParameters	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.AbstractInjector	caughtInvocationTargetException	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.AbstractInjector	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.behaviors.AdaptingBehavior	processCaching	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Stored	flush	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Stored	getComponentInstance	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.composers.RegexComposer	compose	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.composers.RegexComposer	compose	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.BasicComponentParameter	resolveAdapter	Brain Method
org.picocontainer.parameters.BasicComponentParameter	resolveAdapter	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.BasicComponentParameter	noMatchingAdaptersFound	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.parameters.BasicComponentParameter	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.parameters.BasicComponentParameter	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Storing	addComponentAdapter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.DefaultPicoContainer	getComponentAdapter	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.DefaultPicoContainer	getComponentAdapters	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.DefaultPicoContainer	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.behaviors.AbstractBehavior	null	Data Class
org.picocontainer.injectors.ProviderAdapter	getProvideMethod	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.ConstructorInjector	getGreediestSatisfiableConstructor	Brain Method
org.picocontainer.injectors.ConstructorInjector	getGreediestSatisfiableConstructor	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.injectors.ConstructorInjector	getComponentInstance	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.injectors.ConstructorInjector	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Stored$RealComponentLifecycle	stop	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Stored$RealComponentLifecycle	dispose	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.ImplementationHiding	createComponentAdapter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.containers.CommandLinePicoContainer	processArgument	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.containers.CommandLinePicoContainer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.PicoBuilder	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.injectors.CompositeInjection	createComponentAdapter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.MethodInjector	getMemberArguments	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.MethodInjector	invokeMethod	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.MethodInjector	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.injectors.AbstractInjectionFactory	wrapLifeCycle	Shotgun Surgery
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Caching	createComponentAdapter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Caching	addComponentAdapter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.FactoryInjector	getTypeArguments	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.behaviors.Intercepted	invokeMethod	Intensive Coupling
org.picocontainer.parameters.DefaultConstructorParameter	equals	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.adapters.InstanceAdapter	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.parameters.ConstantParameter	resolve	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	getMatchingParameterListForSetters	Intensive Coupling
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	matchParameter	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	decorateComponentInstance	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	makeInstance	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.injectors.IterativeInjector	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.lifecycle.StartableLifecycleStrategy	doLifecycleMethod	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.lifecycle.StartableLifecycleStrategy	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.injectors.AdaptingInjection	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	getComponentInstance	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	convert	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	convert	Intensive Coupling
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	getSetterParameter	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.behaviors.PropertyApplicator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.classname.DefaultClassLoadingPicoContainer	getComponent	Dispersed Coupling
org.picocontainer.classname.DefaultClassLoadingPicoContainer	null	God Class
org.picocontainer.classname.DefaultClassLoadingPicoContainer	null	Data Class
org.picocontainer.classname.DefaultClassLoadingPicoContainer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.injectors.SingleMemberInjector	getBindings	Feature Envy
org.picocontainer.injectors.SingleMemberInjector	null	Refused Parent Bequest
org.picocontainer.PicoContainer	getComponent	Shotgun Surgery
