net.suberic.pooka.AddressBook	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBook	newAddressBookEntry	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageUI	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageUI	createProgressDialog	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	createMessageUI	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	createProgressDialog	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	createAuthenticatorUI	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	createMessageUI	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	createFolderDisplayUI	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	createContentPanel	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	createProgressDialog	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.resource.ResourceManager	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.resource.ResourceManager	createFolderInfo	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.resource.ResourceManager	createVariableBundle	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.util.ItemCreator	null	Creator	Factory Method
net.suberic.util.ItemCreator	createItem	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
net.suberic.pooka.RowCounter	null	Singleton	Singleton
net.suberic.pooka.RowCounter	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel$PookaFocusManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	getActions	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	closeFolderDisplay	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	addPropertyEditorListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	removePropertyEditorListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	remove	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	refreshDisplay	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaDesktopPaneUIFactory	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaDesktopPaneUIFactory	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaDesktopPaneUIFactory	createContentPanel	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	doDefaultOpen	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	createFolderDisplayUI	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	createContentPanel	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableKeyBinding	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	setEnabled	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.DisableFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.DisableFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.DisableFilter	configureListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyTranslatorFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyTranslatorFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyTranslatorFilter	configureListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RequiredFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RequiredFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RequiredFilter	configureListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.UniqueFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.UniqueFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.UniqueFilter	configureListener	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FolderSelectorPane	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	configureEditor	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	getValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	setValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SearchTermIconManager	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SearchTermIcon	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SearchTermIcon	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SearchTermIcon	getIcon	Request()	(Object)Adapter
net.suberic.util.ItemListChangeListener	null	Observer	Observer
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	null	Subject	Observer
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	fireItemListChangeEvent	Notify()	Observer
net.suberic.pooka.event.MessageLoadedListener	null	Observer	Observer
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	null	Subject	Observer
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	fireMessageLoadedEvent	Notify()	Observer
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	null	Context	State
net.suberic.util.ItemCreator	null	State	State
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	null	state	State
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	refreshItems	Request()	State
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	createItemList	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.filter.SpamSearchTerm	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.filter.SpamFilter	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.filter.SpamSearchTerm	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.filter.SpamSearchTerm	match	Request()	State
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	Context	State
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	null	State	State
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	null	state	State
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	commit	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.MessageCache	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	updateFolderStatusForLoading	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	createInfosAndProxies	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	fetch	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	getFirstUnreadMessage	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	synchronizeCache	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.HyperlinkDispatcher	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ErrorHandler	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.HyperlinkDispatcher	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.HyperlinkDispatcher	hyperlinkUpdate	Request()	State
net.suberic.util.swing.ProgressDialog	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	run	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	cancelSave	Request()	State
net.suberic.util.swing.ProgressDialog	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	run	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	cancelSave	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.WrappedMimePartDataSource	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.MessageCache	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.WrappedMimePartDataSource	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.cache.WrappedMimePartDataSource	getInputStream	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryEditor	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookEntry	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryEditor	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryEditor	setValue	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookEntry	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	saveProperties	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane$AddressBookTableModel	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookEntry	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane$AddressBookTableModel	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane$AddressBookTableModel	getValueAt	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBook	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	performSearch	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	performAdd	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	editSelectedValue	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	removeSelectedValue	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	setValue	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	resetDefaultValue	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.SignatureGenerator	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	getSignature	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	getSignature	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AuthenticatorUI	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	connectStore	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBook	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	getAddressMatcher	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	null	Context	State
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBook	null	State	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	null	state	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	saveProperties	Request()	State
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	null	Abstraction	Bridge
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageUI	null	Implementor	Bridge
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	null	implementor	Bridge
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	getMessageProxy	Operation()	Bridge
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	createMessageUI	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	showEditorWindow	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	addDisableMask	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	removeDisableMask	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	null	RealSubject	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	null	Proxy	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	getDefaultProfile	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	null	RealSubject	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	Proxy	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	getDefaultProfile	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	null	RealSubject	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	null	Proxy	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	getDefaultProfile	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	null	RealSubject	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	null	Proxy	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	getDefaultProfile	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	null	RealSubject	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	null	Proxy	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	getActions	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	getDefaultProfile	Request()	Proxy
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	null	Handler	Chain of Responsibility
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	null	successor	Chain of Responsibility
