net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FontSelectorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.MultiMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MultiMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MultiMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.NewMessageInfo	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ResponseWrapper	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ResponseWrapper	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ResponseWrapper	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ResponseWrapper	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.PookaFileSelector	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.UIDFolderInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.MessageInfo	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.LoginAuthenticator	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.DefaultFolderCellRenderer	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.DefaultFolderCellRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.BooleanEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.BooleanEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.JFontChooser	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.JFontChooser	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.JFontChooser	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.swing.JFontChooser	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.PookaFileSystemView	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.PookaFileSystemView	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo$EditPropertiesAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SwingPropertyEditor	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.cache.WrappedMimePartDataSource	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UIDMimeMessage	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewStoreWizardController	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewStoreWizardController	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewStoreWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewStoreWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewStoreWizardController	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewOutgoingServerWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewOutgoingServerWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewOutgoingServerWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewOutgoingServerWizardController	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryEditor	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServerManager$DefaultOutgoingMailServer	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServerManager$DefaultOutgoingMailServer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyTranslatorFilter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MultiMessageProxy	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MultiMessageProxy	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea$Updater	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.MultiEditorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurablePopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurablePopupMenu	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurablePopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurablePopupMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurablePopupMenu	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.util.swing.ConfigurableMetalTheme	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageDisplayPanel	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.LookAndFeelEditor	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.LookAndFeelEditor	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.LookAndFeelEditor	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.SimpleFileCache	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.PookaEncryptionManager	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ErrorHandler	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ErrorHandler	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ErrorHandler	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane$OpenAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.crypto.CryptoAttachment	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.crypto.CryptoAttachment	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderInternalFrame	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane$AttachmentTableModel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane$AttachmentTableModel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.DefaultBooleanEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaUIFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SectionedEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.SectionedEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePanel	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RequiredFilter	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaPreviewPaneUIFactory	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.prefs.JDBCPreferences	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.HyperlinkDispatcher	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.HyperlinkDispatcher	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.StoreNode$SubscribeAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardPropertyEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardPropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageDisplayPanel	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel$RowComparator	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel$RowComparator	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MailQueue	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MailQueue	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Data Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ListEditorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.util.swing.HyperlinkMouseHandler	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.swing.HyperlinkMouseHandler	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.VariableEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FilterFolderCellRenderer	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FilterFolderCellRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchFolderPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.ssl.PookaTrustManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.ssl.PookaTrustManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.ssl.PookaTrustManager	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.thread.LoadMessageThread	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressEntryTextArea	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableKeyBinding	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableKeyBinding	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableKeyBinding	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableKeyBinding	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel$FolderTreeDropTarget	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel$FolderTreeDropTarget	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel$ExportConfigAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.ItemManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo$CryptoRecipientsInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo$CryptoRecipientsInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageCryptoInfo$CryptoRecipientsInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaMinimalUIFactory	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.DateFormatter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.FolderFileWrapper	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.FolderFileWrapper	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.FolderFileWrapper	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingMailServer	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.PookaManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.AttachmentBundle	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.AttachmentBundle	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.AttachmentBundle	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.StartupManager	Data Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardController	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardController	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.filter.MoveFilterAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageProxy	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.MoveFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontDisplayFilter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontDisplayFilter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.DisplayStyleComboBox	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.DisplayStyleComboBox	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.CompositeSwingPropertyEditor	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FlagFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FlagFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.thread.FolderTracker$UpdateInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo$UpdateCountAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenuBar	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenuBar	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenuBar	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableMenuBar	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.jdbcaddr.JDBCAddressBook	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewUserProfileWizardController	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewUserProfileWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.NewUserProfileWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.MailUtilities	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MailUtilities	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.MailUtilities	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.MailUtilities	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.NewMessageTransferHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.NewMessageTransferHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorFactory	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.RecentMessageMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.RecentMessageMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.RecentMessageMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MainPanel$HelpKeyBindingsAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorUI	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorUI	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.ldap.LDAPAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.BackendMessageFilter	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayUI	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.LabelValuePropertyEditor	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.LabelValuePropertyEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.LabelValuePropertyEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.LabelValuePropertyEditor	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.LabelValuePropertyEditor	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.MessageCryptoInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.MessageCryptoInfo	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressBookSelectionPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageInternalFrame	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.resource.DisklessResourceManager	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy$SaveMessageThread	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingFolderInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.WindowMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FolderSelectorPane	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FolderSelectorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FolderSelectorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.Vcard	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.Vcard	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.Vcard	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RadioEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RadioEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RadioEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RadioEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.RadioEditorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageInternalFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageInternalFrame	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.resource.FileResourceManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy$BounceAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.EnhancedFolderTreeCellRenderer	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.EnhancedFolderTreeCellRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.EnhancedFolderTreeCellRenderer	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.EnhancedFolderTreeCellRenderer	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.EnhancedFolderTreeCellRenderer	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageFrame	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageFrame	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.StringEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.StringEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.StringEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.AttachmentTransferHandler	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MailTreeNode	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MailTreeNode	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.PookaLogManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PookaLogManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.PookaLogManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.VariableBundle	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.VirtualFolderInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.VirtualFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.VirtualFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.VirtualFolderInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.VirtualFolderInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookEditorPane$AddAddressAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryPanel	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.FolderInfoFileWrapper	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.FolderInfoFileWrapper	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardEditorPane	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.WizardEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.NetworkConnection	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NetworkConnection	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.NetworkConnection	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.NetworkConnection	Data Class
net.suberic.util.cache.MemorySizedCache	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageFrame	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.FolderTransferHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.FolderTransferHandler	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.FolderTransferHandler	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FileSelectorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FileSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FileSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FileSelectorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.FileSelectorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.util.thread.ActionWrapper	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.PreferencesVariableBundle	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.KeySelectorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.KeySelectorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtPopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtPopupMenu	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtPopupMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableAwtPopupMenu	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.filter.BounceFilterAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SimpleAuthenticator	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreManager	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageSender	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageSender	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageSender	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.IconManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.IconManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.IconManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ColorSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ColorSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ColorSelectorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ColorSelectorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.ColorSelectorPane	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoButton	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoButton	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoButton	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoButton	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.PopInboxFolderInfo	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressBookSelectionPanel$AddressBookTableModel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AddressBookSelectionPanel$AddressBookTableModel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.resource.ResourceManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ConnectionMonitor$ConnectAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewFolderPanel	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageUI	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageUI	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.thread.FolderTracker$CheckFolderAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.NumberFilter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.cache.FileSizedCache	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageDisplayPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageFrame	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ReadMessageFrame	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderTableModel	God Class
net.suberic.util.swing.ExceptionDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.swing.ExceptionDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.ExceptionDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.swing.ExtendedEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.ExtendedEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.FirstRunWizardController	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.ExternalLauncher	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageProxy	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.ssl.PookaSSLSocketFactory	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.ssl.PookaSSLSocketFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.LoadMessageTracker	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderPanel	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.FileSignatureGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.NetworkConnectionManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.JDBCVariableBundle	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ConnectionMonitor$DisconnectAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap$MailcapMap	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FullMailcapCommandMap$MailcapMap	God Class
net.suberic.util.swing.ScrollingDesktopManager	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.swing.ScrollingDesktopManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.swing.ScrollingDesktopManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.ScrollingDesktopManager	God Class
net.suberic.util.swing.ScrollingDesktopManager	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.DndUtils	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.DndUtils	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.dnd.DndUtils	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.DefaultFolderTreeCellRenderer	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageInternalFrame	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageInternalFrame	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.NewMessageInternalFrame	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.thread.MessageLoader	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.thread.MessageLoader	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.thread.MessageLoader	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.thread.MessageLoader	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.filter.FlagFilterAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.BounceFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorPane	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.StoreInfo	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingMimeMessage	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.CachingMimeMessage	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PreviewContentPanel	God Class
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableComboBox$ConfigurableComboRenderer	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.DisableFilter	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.thread.ActionThread	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.thread.ActionThread	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.thread.ActionThread	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.thread.ActionThread	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageHandler	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.messaging.PookaMessageHandler	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookEntry	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.VcardAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.VcardAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.VcardAddressBook	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.VcardAddressBook	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.vcard.VcardAddressBook	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Brain Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderDisplayPanel	Data Class
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyValueVetoException	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.PookaDesktopPaneUIFactory	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.ColorFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.ColorFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.UserProfile	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinterDisplay	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinterDisplay	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinterDisplay	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinterDisplay	Data Class
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableToolbar	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableToolbar	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableToolbar	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableToolbar	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessageNotificationManager$OpenMessageAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode	Tradition Breaker
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SwingUIFactory	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.AddressBookManager	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FontFilterEditor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.AlternativeAttachment	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressEntryController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.OutgoingFolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PasswordEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PasswordEditorPane	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.cache.ChangeCache	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.resource.JDBCResourceManager	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.FolderNode$DeleteAction	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryForm	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryForm	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryForm	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.search.SearchEntryForm	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.SearchTermManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoKeySelector	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.crypto.CryptoKeySelector	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableComboBox	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableComboBox	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.gui.ConfigurableComboBox	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.util.gui.propedit.PropertyEditorManager	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinter	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinter	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinter	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.MessagePrinter	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Brain Method
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	God Class
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Brain Class
net.suberic.util.FileVariableBundle	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.swing.ThemeManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.util.swing.ThemeManager	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.MailFileSystemView	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.MailFileSystemView	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filechooser.MailFileSystemView	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.Attachment	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookWizardController	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.propedit.AddressBookWizardController	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.util.cache.FileSizedCacheEntry	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentPane$OpenAction	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ConnectionMonitor	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.ConnectionMonitor	Data Class
net.suberic.pooka.gui.SearchTermIconManager	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	Feature Envy
net.suberic.pooka.gui.AttachmentHandler$SaveAttachmentThread	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FilterEditorPane	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.gui.filter.FilterEditorPane	Refused Parent Bequest
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Brain Method
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Intensive Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Dispersed Coupling
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Shotgun Surgery
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	God Class
net.suberic.pooka.FolderInfo	Brain Class
