src.proguard.ant.ConfigurationElement	appendTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel	ClassPathPanel	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel	addAddButton	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel	addEditButton	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	removeUnusedLocalVariables	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	removeUnusedLocalVariableTypes	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	trimLocalVariables	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableCleaner	trimLocalVariableTypes	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitAnyRefConstant	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitSignatureAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	visitCodeAttribute	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	null	Data Class
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	null	Tradition Breaker
src.proguard.io.ClassReader	read	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.NameAndTypeShrinker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitBootstrapMethodsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitExceptionsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitStackMapAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitStackMapTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitAnyAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitBootstrapMethodInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSameZeroFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSameOneFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitMoreZeroFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitFullFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitArrayElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	createConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	createStackMapFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	createVerificationType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	createElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	read	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolSorter	visitProgramClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	FieldOptimizationInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	initialValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.Annotation	elementValuesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.LineNumberTableAttribute	getLineNumber	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ListPanel	ListPanel	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ListPanel	addButton	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ListPanel	getButtons	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ListPanel	enableSelectionButtons	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.Member	getAccessFlags	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Member	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Member	getDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Member	accept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	paint	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	visitCodeAttribute	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	null	Data Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	visitProgramClass0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	isOnlySubClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	haveAnyIdenticalMethods	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	overridesAnyMethods	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	shadowsAnyMethods	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.obfuscate.NameMarker	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.SimpleNameFactory	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	execute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	printConfiguration	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	printSeeds	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	shrink	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	obfuscate	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	dump	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ProGuard	fileName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.StackSizeComputer	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.StackSizeComputer	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.StackSizeComputer	visitAnySwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.StackSizeComputer	evaluateInstructionBlock	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyUnusedParameterSimplifier	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	reset	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	replaceInstruction	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	deleteInstruction	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitCodeAttribute	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	updateInstructions	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	moveInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	Data Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.InstructionUtil	internalTypeFromArrayType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.WordReader	nextWord	Brain Method
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationDialog	addRadioButtonTriplet	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationDialog	setMemberSpecificationRadioButtons	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FullFrame	variablesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FullFrame	stackAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel$MyListCellRenderer	getListCellRendererComponent	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	getString	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	getClassName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	extendsOrImplements	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	accept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	hierarchyAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.Clazz	constantPoolEntryAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitAnyInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	printDynamicInvocationNote	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	printDynamicInvocationNote	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	Data Class
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	visitProgramClass	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	visitLibraryClass	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.RetargetedInnerClassAttributeRemover	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.RetargetedInnerClassAttributeRemover	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	getColor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	isTraced	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	getVariablesBefore	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	getStackBefore	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	evaluateInstructionBlock	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	evaluateSingleInstructionBlock	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	evaluateSingleInstructionBlock	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	evaluateSubroutine	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	initializeArrays	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Brain Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Data Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Tradition Breaker
src.proguard.gui.ClassSpecificationsPanel	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationsAttributeEditor	addAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor$CompositeInstruction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTableAttribute	localVariablesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.util.NameParser	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.OptimizationsDialog	OptimizationsDialog	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.util.FileNameParser	parse	Feature Envy
src.proguard.util.FileNameParser	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.Initializer	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.value.Value	referenceValue	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.Value	instructionOffsetValue	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.Value	isParticular	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.Value	isCategory2	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.Value	computationalType	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	extractKeepSpecifications	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	addClassSpecifications	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	createOptimizationsButton	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	setProGuardConfiguration	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	getProGuardConfiguration	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	findMatchingKeepSpecifications	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	findMatchingKeepSpecifications	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI	null	God Class
src.proguard.util.ClassNameParser	createAnyTypeMatcher	Feature Envy
src.proguard.util.ClassNameParser	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	instructionOffsetCount	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	instructionOffset	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionInfoAdder	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	visitBranchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	replaceIntegerPushInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	replaceLongPushInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	replaceFloatPushInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	replaceDoublePushInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	replaceSwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	insertPopInstructions	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationSimplifier	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	markProgramClassBody	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	visitLibraryClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	markMethodHierarchy	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	markAsUsed	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	isUsed	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.shrink.UsageMarker	null	God Class
src.proguard.ClassSpecificationVisitorFactory	createClassPoolVisitor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ClassSpecificationVisitorFactory	createClassPoolVisitor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ClassSpecificationVisitorFactory	createClassPoolVisitor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ClassSpecificationVisitorFactory	createClassVisitor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ClassSpecificationVisitorFactory	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitConstantInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	storeParameters	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	visitAnyInstruction	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	visitAnyInstruction	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	visitSimpleInstruction	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	visitSimpleInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	fixDupSwap	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	null	Brain Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyStackConsistencyFixer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.gui.TabbedPane	TabbedPane	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.TabbedPane	updateButtonSelection	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InternalTypeEnumeration	hasMoreTypes	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.util.InternalTypeEnumeration	nextType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InternalTypeEnumeration	nextType	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.util.InternalTypeEnumeration	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.UnreachableExceptionRemover	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.UnreachableExceptionRemover	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitAnnotationElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitArrayElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ReachableCodeMarker	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ReachableCodeMarker	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.constant.StringConstant	getString	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.StringConstant	referencedMemberAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.DataEntryWriterFactory	createClassPathEntryWriter	Feature Envy
src.proguard.DataEntryWriterFactory	createClassPathEntryWriter	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.preverify.Preverifier	execute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyProducerMarker	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker$MyProducerMarker	visitBranchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.ExceptionInstructionChecker	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.ExceptionInstructionChecker	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.MemberSpecificationElement	appendTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ant.MemberSpecificationElement	requiredAccessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.SpecificLongValue	null	God Class
src.proguard.io.DirectoryWriter	getOutputStream	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.util.DescriptorClassEnumeration	nextFluff	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DescriptorClassEnumeration	nextClassName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DescriptorClassEnumeration	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.InstructionFactory	create	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameConflictFixer	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameConflictFixer	visitMember	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer$MyReplacementInstructionFactory	visitVariableInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer$MyReplacementInstructionFactory	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapAttribute	stackMapFramesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVersionSetter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.ParameterShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.TracedStack	null	Data Class
src.proguard.evaluation.TracedStack	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.io.ClassRewriter	read	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.constant.Constant	getTag	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.Constant	accept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationsAttribute	annotationsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ValueFactory	createValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	storeParameters	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ParameterAnnotationsAttributeEditor	addAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ClassPathEntry	isOutput	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.ClassPathEntry	toString	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	embeddedConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	canonicalOpcode	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	shrink	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	constantSize	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	enterMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.InnerClassesAttribute	innerClassEntriesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.info.ParameterUsageMarker	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.info.ParameterUsageMarker	markUsedParameters	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.constant.ClassConstant	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.ClassConstant	referencedClassAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.io.DataEntryObfuscator	renamedDataEntry	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectInstructionChecker	visitSimpleInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectInstructionChecker	visitBranchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.OutputWriter	execute	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.OutputWriter	createPackagePrefixMap	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	visitExceptionInfo	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.InputReader	checkInputOutput	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI$MyLoadStackTraceActionListener	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitVariableInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitMethodHandleConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitAnyRefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	matchingOpcodes	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	matchingArguments	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	matchingJumpOffsets	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	null	Data Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	visitCodeAttribute0	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	pushOpcode	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	insertPopInstructions	Brain Method
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	insertPopInstructions	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	isDupOrSwap	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	isPop	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	null	Brain Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.EvaluationShrinker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.FullyQualifiedClassNameChecker	checkClassSpecifications	Feature Envy
src.proguard.FullyQualifiedClassNameChecker	checkMemberSpecifications	Feature Envy
src.proguard.FullyQualifiedClassNameChecker	checkClassName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.FullyQualifiedClassNameChecker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.obfuscate.AttributeShrinker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.AttributeShrinker	visitProgramMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.AttributeShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassMemberSorter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassMemberSorter	compare	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.BootstrapMethodArgumentShrinker	visitBootstrapMethodInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.NonPrivateMemberMarker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.NonPrivateMemberMarker	visitAnyRefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitExceptionsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitAnyParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitBootstrapMethodInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$AttributeBodyWriter	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitAnyMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	appendInstruction	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	appendLabel	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	appendException	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitAnySwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	print	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.util.StringReferenceInitializer	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectMethodMarker	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.util.ListParser	parse	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.util.ListParser	main	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	getType	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	referencedMemberAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.Variables	size	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionsAttributeEditor	addException	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeTableAttributeEditor	addLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	addConstant	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitFieldrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionAdder	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	visitProgramField	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	writeJarOptions	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	writeOption	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	writeOption	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	writeFieldSpecification	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	writeMethodSpecification	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	relativeFileName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationWriter	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	shrink	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	stackPopCount	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	stackPushCount	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	constantSize	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	null	Tradition Breaker
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	addSubClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	findField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	findMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	fieldsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	methodsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	mayHaveImplementations	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	Data Class
src.proguard.ant.ClassSpecificationElement	requiredAccessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	embeddedVariable	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	canonicalOpcode	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	shrink	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	readInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	variableIndexSize	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	null	Data Class
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassMerger$FieldOptimizationInfoCopier	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	paint	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.FilterElement	appendTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	visitFieldrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	visitInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	visitMethodrefConstant	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	fixElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberReferenceFixer	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitLibraryField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitLibraryMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitClassConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitSignatureAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	newDescriptor	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	newUniqueMemberName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	newClassName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassReferenceFixer	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.Optimizer	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.Optimizer	null	God Class
src.proguard.gui.ClassPathPanel$MyListCellRenderer	getListCellRendererComponent	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	getAccessFlags	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	addSubClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	constantPoolEntriesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	fieldsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	methodsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	mayHaveImplementations	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	attributesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	null	Data Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.InterfaceSorter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.InterfaceSorter	visitSignatureAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.constant.Utf8Constant	getString	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.constant.Utf8Constant	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.info.NoSideEffectMethodMarker	markNoSideEffects	Feature Envy
src.proguard.io.FileDataEntry	getName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.GPL	check	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	visitProgramMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.Targeter	execute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.Targeter	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitProgramClass	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitLibraryClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitFieldrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitLibraryField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitLibraryMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitAnnotationElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	visitArrayElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPrinter	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ComparableConstant	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ComparableConstant	visitMethodHandleConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ComparableConstant	visitAnyRefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ComparableConstant	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	updateLiveness	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.LineNumberTableAttributeEditor	addLineNumberInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	execute	Brain Method
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	originalFieldName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	originalFieldName	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	originalMethodName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	originalMethodName	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.retrace.ReTrace	null	God Class
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	visitCodeAttribute0	Brain Method
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	correspondingVerificationTypes	Feature Envy
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	correspondingVerificationType	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	null	God Class
src.proguard.preverify.CodePreverifier	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationDefaultAttribute	defaultValueAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.UpToDateChecker$ModificationTimeChecker	updateModificationTime	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	accepted	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ClassSpecificationDialog	addRadioButtonTriplet	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ClassSpecificationDialog	setKeepSpecification	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ClassSpecificationDialog	setClassSpecificationRadioButtons	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	paint	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.VariableShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$StackMapFrameBodyWriter	visitSameZeroFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$StackMapFrameBodyWriter	visitSameOneFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter$StackMapFrameBodyWriter	visitFullFrame	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	internalClassVersion	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	externalClassVersion	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	checkVersionNumbers	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	isInternalArrayInterfaceName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	isInternalPrimitiveType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	internalArrayTypeFromClassName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	internalTypeSize	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	internalType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	externalType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	internalMethodDescriptor	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	externalClassAccessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	externalFieldAccessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	externalMethodAccessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassUtil	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.util.SimplifiedVisitor	null	God Class
src.proguard.shrink.AnnotationUsageMarker	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassSuperHierarchyInitializer	visitLibraryClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassSuperHierarchyInitializer	visitClassConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.TargetClassChanger	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.TargetClassChanger	visitProgramClass	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.TargetClassChanger	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.TargetClassChanger	visitAnyElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.TargetClassChanger	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapTableAttribute	stackMapFramesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer	visitAnyInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	visitClassConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	Data Class
src.proguard.optimize.evaluation.StoringInvocationUnit	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.obfuscate.DictionaryNameFactory	DictionaryNameFactory	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitFieldrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitSourceFileAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitSourceDirAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitSignatureAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitConstantValueAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitExceptionsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitBootstrapMethodInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitExceptionInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitConstantInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitClassElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	attributesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	getAccessFlags	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	getDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	paint	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.obfuscate.MemberObfuscator	visitAnyMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.MemberObfuscator	visitAnyMember	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	attributesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTableAttributeEditor	addLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ShortestUsagePrinter	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ShortestUsagePrinter	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ShortestUsagePrinter	visitLibraryField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ShortestUsagePrinter	visitLibraryMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.util.StringMatcher	matches	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.info.SuperInvocationMarker	visitAnyMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI$MyViewConfigurationActionListener	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	visitSignatureAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	shrinkDescriptor	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	shrinkReferencedClasses	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.info.MethodInvocationMarker	getInvocationCount	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	paint	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.BackwardBranchMarker	visitAnySwitchInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI$MyLoadConfigurationActionListener	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	negate	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitProgramMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitBootstrapMethodsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitAnyAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitAnyParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitAnnotation	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitArrayElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationElementValue	annotationAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.ProGuardGUI$MySaveConfigurationActionListener	actionPerformed	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	length	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	accept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	toString	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.SimpleClassPrinter	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.SimpleClassPrinter	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.SimpleClassPrinter	visitLibraryField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.SimpleClassPrinter	visitLibraryMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.StringSharer	visitStringConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.StringSharer	visitAnyRefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.StringSharer	visitClassConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitUnknownAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSignatureAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitExceptionsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationTraveler	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationTraveler	visitLibraryMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationTraveler	isSpecial	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	visitAnyParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	visitVariableInstruction	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.AccessUtil	accessLevel	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.AccessUtil	accessFlags	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.ConfigurationTask	appendTo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.ConfigurationTask	addConfiguredKeepnames	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.ConfigurationTask	addConfiguredKeepclassmembernames	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.ConfigurationTask	addConfiguredKeepclasseswithmembernames	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.evaluation.value.SpecificIntegerValue	null	God Class
src.proguard.shrink.Shrinker	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ElementValue	accept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassSubHierarchyInitializer	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.ClassSubHierarchyInitializer	visitLibraryClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	addFieldrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	addInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	addMethodrefConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	addUtf8Constant	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	null	God Class
src.proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitLibraryClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	createConstant	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	isPop	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parse	Brain Method
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parse	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	close	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseClassPathArgument	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseKeepClassSpecificationArguments	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseClassSpecificationArguments	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseClassSpecificationArguments	Brain Method
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseClassSpecificationArguments	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseMemberSpecificationArguments	Brain Method
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseMemberSpecificationArguments	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseMemberSpecificationArguments	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	parseCommaSeparatedList	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	replaceSystemProperties	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ConfigurationParser	null	Brain Class
src.proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	print	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	print	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassEditor	removeInterface	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassEditor	removeField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ClassEditor	removeMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.ClassPath	get	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ParameterAnnotationsAttribute	annotationsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsagePrinter	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsagePrinter	visitProgramField	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.UsagePrinter	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.SameOneFrame	stackItemAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.MoreZeroFrame	additionalVariablesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.InterfacesEditor	addInterface	Feature Envy
src.proguard.ant.ClassPathElement	appendClassPathEntriesTo	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryMember	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.LibraryMember	getDescriptor	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.util.ArrayUtil	null	God Class
src.proguard.optimize.info.PackageVisibleMemberInvokingClassMarker	visitAnyMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.DataEntryReaderFactory	createDataEntryReader	Feature Envy
src.proguard.DataEntryReaderFactory	createDataEntryReader	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processMethodMapping	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processMethodMapping	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.obfuscate.Obfuscator	execute	Brain Method
src.proguard.obfuscate.Obfuscator	execute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	instanceOf	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	generalize	Brain Method
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	generalize	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	internalType	Feature Envy
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	null	Tradition Breaker
src.proguard.optimize.MethodStaticizer	visitProgramMethod	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassFinalizer	visitProgramClass	Feature Envy
src.proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker$SignatureShrinker	visitSignatureAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	instructionsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	exceptionsAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	attributesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.BranchInstruction	canonicalOpcode	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.BranchInstruction	shrink	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.instruction.BranchInstruction	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValuesEditor	addElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValuesEditor	deleteElementValue	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationsPanel	addAddFieldButton	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationsPanel	addAddMethodButton	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationsPanel	getMemberSpecifications	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.MemberSpecificationsPanel	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.classfile.VisitorAccepter	getVisitorInfo	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.VisitorAccepter	setVisitorInfo	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.UpToDateChecker	check	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.io.DataEntry	getName	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.obfuscate.MappingReader	processClassMemberMapping	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	visitInnerClassesInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	null	God Class
src.proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameCollector	visitAnyMember	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMarker	null	Refused Parent Bequest
src.proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	MethodOptimizationInfo	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.info.PackageVisibleMemberContainingClassMarker	visitAnyMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.ClassPool	getClass	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.ClassPool	classesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	localVariablesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.Stack	size	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.Stack	getTop	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	Data Class
src.proguard.preverify.CodeSubroutineInliner	visitCodeAttribute	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.preverify.CodeSubroutineInliner	visitCodeAttribute0	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.preverify.CodeSubroutineInliner	inlineSubroutine	Feature Envy
src.proguard.preverify.CodeSubroutineInliner	visitExceptionInfo	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramMethod	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	newUniqueMemberName	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.MethodLinker	lastMember	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.util.MethodLinker	lastVisitorAccepter	Feature Envy
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	visitProgramField	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	visitLibraryField	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitCodeAttribute	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	codeHasChanged	Feature Envy
src.proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	printChangedCode	Dispersed Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.io.RuntimeDataOutput	writeShort	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ArrayElementValue	elementValuesAccept	Shotgun Surgery
src.proguard.gui.FilterBuilder	buildFilter	Brain Method
src.proguard.gui.FilterBuilder	buildFilter	Feature Envy
src.proguard.gui.FilterBuilder	buildFilter	Intensive Coupling
src.proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeSorter	compare	Feature Envy
