proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	null	Creator	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	negate	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	convertToInteger	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	convertToLong	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	convertToFloat	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	null	Creator	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	negate	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	convertToInteger	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	convertToLong	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	convertToDouble	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	null	Creator	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	negate	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToByte	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToCharacter	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToShort	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToLong	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToFloat	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	convertToDouble	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	null	Creator	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	negate	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	convertToInteger	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	convertToFloat	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.LongValue	convertToDouble	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.util.StringParser	null	Creator	Factory Method
proguard.util.StringParser	parse	FactoryMethod()	Factory Method
proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	null	Singleton	Singleton
proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	null	uniqueInstance	Singleton
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitStringConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ClassConstantValueFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	visitLibraryClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitLibraryField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionAdder	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitUnknownAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSourceFileAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSourceDirAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSyntheticAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSignatureAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitConstantValueAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitExceptionsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitAnnotationDefaultAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationsAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ParameterAnnotationsAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AnnotationAdder	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.RuntimeDataInput	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitLibraryClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitIntegerConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitLongConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitFloatConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitDoubleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitStringConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitUtf8Constant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitMethodHandleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitMethodTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.LibraryClassReader	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.RuntimeDataInput	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitIntegerConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLongConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitFloatConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitDoubleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitStringConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitUtf8Constant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitMethodHandleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitMethodTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitUnknownAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitBootstrapMethodsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSourceFileAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSourceDirAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSignatureAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitConstantValueAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitExceptionsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitStackMapAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitStackMapTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitBootstrapMethodInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitInnerClassesInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitExceptionInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSameZeroFrame	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitSameOneFrame	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLessZeroFrame	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitMoreZeroFrame	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitFullFrame	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitObjectType	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitUninitializedType	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLineNumberInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitAnnotation	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitConstantElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitClassElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassReader	visitArrayElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributesEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitUnknownAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSourceFileAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSourceDirAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSyntheticAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitSignatureAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitConstantValueAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitExceptionsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitRuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.AttributeAdder	visitAnnotationDefaultAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionsAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionAdder	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InterfaceAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InterfacesEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InterfaceAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.InterfaceAdder	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ClassEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.RuntimeDataOutput	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.io.ProgramClassWriter	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.ClassReferenceInitializer	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DuplicateClassPrinter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DuplicateClassPrinter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DuplicateClassPrinter	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DuplicateClassPrinter	visitLibraryClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitLibraryField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitLibraryMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitProgramField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitLibraryField	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitIntegerConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitLongConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitFloatConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitDoubleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitStringConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitUtf8Constant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitMethodHandleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitFieldrefConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitInterfaceMethodrefConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitMethodrefConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitMethodTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	visitNameAndTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ExceptionInfoAdder	visitExceptionInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Member	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitProgramMethod	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Member	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Method	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTableAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeTableAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LocalVariableTypeInfoAdder	visitLocalVariableTypeInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LineNumberTableAttributeEditor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LineNumberInfoAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LineNumberInfoAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.LineNumberInfoAdder	visitLineNumberInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantAdder	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitConstantElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitClassElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitAnnotationElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.editor.ElementValueAdder	visitArrayElementValue	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.ClassPool	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processClassMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processClassMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processFieldMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processMethodMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassReader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassReader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassReader	read	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.ClassPool	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	read	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	visitFieldrefConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicInvocationUnit	visitInvokeDynamicConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.value.ValueFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	visitExceptionInfo	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.value.ValueFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitIntegerConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitLongConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitFloatConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitDoubleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitStringConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitMethodHandleConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.ConstantValueFactory	visitMethodTypeConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Variables	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.value.ValueFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	read	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	read	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	visitClassConstant	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryFilter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	read	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactory	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	visitLibraryClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BranchUnit	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntry	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.JarWriter	createDirectory	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.JarWriter	getOutputStream	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.value.InstructionOffsetValue	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicBranchUnit	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicBranchUnit	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.BasicBranchUnit	branchConditionally	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processFieldMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processMethodMapping	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.InvocationUnit	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	visitProgramClass	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableFont	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	paint	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	getColor	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	getDouble	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	getFont	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	getInt	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	getString	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	accepts	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	Adapter	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.DataEntryFilter	null	Adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	adaptee	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	createDirectory	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	getOutputStream	Request()	(Object)Adapter
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	hierarchyAccept	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	hierarchyAccept	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitUnknownAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitBootstrapMethodsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSourceFileAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSourceDirAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitConstantValueAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitExceptionsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitCodeAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitStackMapAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitStackMapTableAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitRuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.MultiAttributeVisitor	visitAnnotationDefaultAttribute	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiClassVisitor	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiClassVisitor	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiClassVisitor	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiMemberVisitor	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiMemberVisitor	visitProgramField	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiMemberVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiMemberVisitor	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiMemberVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitSimpleInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitVariableInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitConstantInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitBranchInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.MultiInstructionVisitor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPoolVisitor	null	Component	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiClassPoolVisitor	null	Composite	Composite
proguard.classfile.visitor.MultiClassPoolVisitor	visitClassPool	Operation()	Composite
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extends_	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extends_	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	extendsOrImplements	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	hierarchyAccept	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	null	component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.ParameterNameMarker	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitUnknownAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitBootstrapMethodsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSourceFileAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSourceDirAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitInnerClassesAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitEnclosingMethodAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitDeprecatedAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSyntheticAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitSignatureAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitConstantValueAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitExceptionsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitStackMapAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitStackMapTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitLineNumberTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitLocalVariableTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitLocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitRuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitAnnotationDefaultAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ChangedCodePrinter	visitCodeAttribute	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	visitAnnotation	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	visitAnnotation	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	visitAnnotation	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	visitAnnotation	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	visitConstantElementValue	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	visitClassElementValue	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	visitAnnotationElementValue	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AllElementValueVisitor	visitArrayElementValue	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.SubclassedClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.SubclassedClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.SubclassedClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.SubclassedClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.BottomClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.BottomClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.BottomClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.BottomClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassAccessFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassAccessFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassAccessFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassAccessFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVersionFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVersionFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVersionFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassesFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassesFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassesFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptClassesFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.SubclassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.SubclassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.SubclassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.SubclassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableClassVisitor	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableClassVisitor	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableClassVisitor	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableClassVisitor	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.CaughtClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.CaughtClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.CaughtClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.CaughtClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.DotClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.DotClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.DotClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.DotClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstanceofClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstanceofClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstanceofClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstanceofClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstantiationClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstantiationClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstantiationClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.InstantiationClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.StaticInitializerContainingClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.StaticInitializerContainingClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.StaticInitializerContainingClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.StaticInitializerContainingClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassFinalizer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassFinalizer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.ClassFinalizer	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedClassFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedClassFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedClassFilter	visitProgramClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedClassFilter	visitLibraryClass	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.editor.MemberAdder	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryMemberFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.LibraryMemberFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberAccessFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MethodImplementationFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramMemberFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ProgramMemberFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.VariableMemberVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberNameFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.MemberSpecialNameFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantMemberFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantMemberFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantParameterFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantParameterFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.ConstantParameterFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerFixer	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.KeptMemberFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MemberDescriptorSpecializer	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodDescriptorShrinker	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodStaticizer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodStaticizer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.MethodStaticizer	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.OptimizationInfoMemberFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.WriteOnlyFieldFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.WriteOnlyFieldFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.WriteOnlyFieldFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectMethodFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectMethodFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectMethodFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.info.SideEffectMethodFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MemberPrivatizer	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	visitProgramField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	visitProgramMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	visitLibraryField	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.shrink.UsedMemberFilter	visitLibraryMethod	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitConstantInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoGotoReplacer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoGotoReplacer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoGotoReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoReturnReplacer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoReturnReplacer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoReturnReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitConstantInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.NopRemover	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.NopRemover	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.NopRemover	visitSimpleInstruction	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionExcludedOffsetFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionExcludedOffsetFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionExcludedOffsetFilter	visitExceptionInfo	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionHandlerFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionHandlerFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionHandlerFilter	visitExceptionInfo	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionOffsetFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionOffsetFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionOffsetFilter	visitExceptionInfo	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionRangeFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionRangeFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ExceptionRangeFilter	visitExceptionInfo	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.UnreachableExceptionRemover	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.UnreachableExceptionRemover	null	component	Decorator
proguard.optimize.peephole.UnreachableExceptionRemover	visitExceptionInfo	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ExceptClassConstantFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ExceptClassConstantFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ExceptClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryReader	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryObfuscator	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryObfuscator	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryObfuscator	read	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryReader	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryRenamer	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryRenamer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryRenamer	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryRenamer	read	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryReader	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	read	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryReader	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.JarReader	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.JarReader	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.JarReader	read	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.TimeSwitchSprite	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.TimeSwitchSprite	null	component	Decorator
proguard.gui.splash.TimeSwitchSprite	paint	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	createDirectory	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	getOutputStream	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.CascadingDataEntryWriter	close	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	createDirectory	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	getOutputStream	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	close	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.JarWriter	close	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.ParentDataEntryWriter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.ParentDataEntryWriter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.ParentDataEntryWriter	getOutputStream	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.ParentDataEntryWriter	close	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryFilter	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryParentFilter	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryParentFilter	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntryParentFilter	accepts	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.DataEntry	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	null	component	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	isDirectory	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	getInputStream	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	closeInputStream	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.io.RenamedDataEntry	getParent	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactory	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.DictionaryNameFactory	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.DictionaryNameFactory	null	component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.DictionaryNameFactory	reset	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.DictionaryNameFactory	nextName	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactory	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.SpecialNameFactory	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.SpecialNameFactory	null	component	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.SpecialNameFactory	reset	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.obfuscate.SpecialNameFactory	nextName	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.AndMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.AndMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.AndMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.AndMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.FixedStringMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.FixedStringMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.FixedStringMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.NotMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.NotMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.NotMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.OrMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.OrMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.OrMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.OrMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.SettableMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.SettableMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.SettableMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.util.VariableStringMatcher	null	Decorator	Decorator
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	Component	Decorator
proguard.util.VariableStringMatcher	null	component	Decorator
proguard.util.VariableStringMatcher	matches	Operation()	Decorator
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	Observer	Observer
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	Subject	Observer
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	canPerformSimpleReplacements	Notify()	Observer
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	Observer	Observer
proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	Subject	Observer
proguard.evaluation.Stack	generalize	Notify()	Observer
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	Observer	Observer
proguard.evaluation.Variables	null	Subject	Observer
proguard.evaluation.Variables	generalize	Notify()	Observer
proguard.evaluation.Variables	equals	Notify()	Observer
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	visitStringConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitAnyMethodrefConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	debug	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	visitAnyRefConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.AccessFixer	visitProgramMember	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	Context	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	state	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramMethod	Request()	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotatedClassVisitor	visitAnnotation	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.EnumFieldReferenceInitializer	visitEnumConstantElementValue	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	findMember	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	isOverriden	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	isShadowed	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementedClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ImplementingClassConstantFilter	visitClassConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.info.PackageVisibleMemberInvokingClassMarker	null	Context	State
proguard.optimize.info.PackageVisibleMemberInvokingClassMarker	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.info.PackageVisibleMemberInvokingClassMarker	visitAnyClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	visitProgramClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.SubclassToAdder	visitLibraryClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberClassAccessFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitProgramField	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitLibraryField	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.SimilarMemberVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitProgramField	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitProgramMethod	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitLibraryField	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberToClassVisitor	visitLibraryMethod	Request()	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Member	null	State	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	null	state	State
proguard.DescriptorKeepChecker	visitProgramClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Member	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	debug	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationToMemberVisitor	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Member	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationToMemberVisitor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationToMemberVisitor	visitAnnotation	Request()	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer	visitAnyInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	insertBeforeInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	replaceInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	insertAfterInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	canPerformSimpleReplacements	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	mapInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	moveInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer$MyReplacementInstructionFactory	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer$MyReplacementInstructionFactory	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceReplacer$MyReplacementInstructionFactory	create	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.InstructionSequenceMatcher	checkMatch	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	null	Context	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	null	state	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	acceptClassVisitor	Request()	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	toString	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.constant.Constant	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceConstants	null	Context	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceConstants	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.peephole.InstructionSequenceConstants	main	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	null	Context	State
proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.info.FieldOptimizationInfo	generalizeValue	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.InvocationUnit	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	Context	State
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	initializeParameters	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryMethod	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryMethod	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryMethod	referencedClassesAccept	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	referencedClassesAccept	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.SplashPanel	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.Sprite	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.SplashPanel	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.SplashPanel	paintComponent	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryField	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryField	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.LibraryField	referencedClassesAccept	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramField	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramField	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.ProgramField	referencedClassesAccept	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.Stack	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.Stack	generalize	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Stack	push	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Stack	pop	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.TracedVariables	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.TracedVariables	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.TracedVariables	store	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.Variables	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.Variables	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.Variables	generalize	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Variables	store	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Variables	equals	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.BufferedSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.CircleSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableInt	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.Value	null	State	State
proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	null	Context	State
proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	null	state	State
proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	generalizeParameter	Request()	State
proguard.optimize.info.MethodOptimizationInfo	generalizeReturnValue	Request()	State
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	State	State
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	null	state	State
proguard.io.ClassRewriter	read	Request()	State
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	State	State
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	null	state	State
proguard.io.DataEntryCopier	read	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	accepts	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.WarningPrinter	accepts	Request()	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.Member	null	State	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	null	state	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	acceptMemberVisitor	Request()	State
proguard.shrink.ShortestUsageMark	toString	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicClassReferenceInitializer	visitClassConstant	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.util.DynamicMemberReferenceInitializer	printDynamicInvocationNote	Request()	State
proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	null	state	State
proguard.obfuscate.ClassObfuscator	newPackagePrefix	Request()	State
proguard.obfuscate.MemberObfuscator	null	Context	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactory	null	State	State
proguard.obfuscate.MemberObfuscator	null	state	State
proguard.obfuscate.MemberObfuscator	visitAnyMember	Request()	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntryFilter	null	State	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	null	state	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryReader	read	Request()	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	null	Context	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactory	null	State	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	null	state	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	visitProgramClass	Request()	State
proguard.obfuscate.NameFactoryResetter	visitLibraryClass	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassNameFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.BranchUnit	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitTableSwitchInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitLookUpSwitchInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	instanceOf	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.value.ReferenceValue	generalize	Request()	State
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntry	null	State	State
proguard.io.JarWriter	null	state	State
proguard.io.JarWriter	createDirectory	Request()	State
proguard.io.JarWriter	getOutputStream	Request()	State
proguard.io.Finisher	null	State	State
proguard.io.DirectoryWriter	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DirectoryWriter	null	state	State
proguard.io.DirectoryWriter	closeEntry	Request()	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeNameFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeNameFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeNameFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberDescriptorFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberNameFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ClipSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ColorSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableColor	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.RectangleSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.Clazz	null	State	State
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	Context	State
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	null	state	State
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processFieldMapping	Request()	State
proguard.obfuscate.MappingKeeper	processMethodMapping	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	Context	State
proguard.evaluation.InvocationUnit	null	State	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	null	state	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.evaluation.Processor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ShadowedSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.ImageSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	null	state	State
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.AnnotationTypeFilter	accepted	Request()	State
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntryWriter	null	State	State
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	null	state	State
proguard.io.DataEntryClassWriter	visitProgramClass	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableFont	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.FontSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableString	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.TextSprite	paint	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearColor	getColor	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearDouble	getDouble	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableDouble	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.VariableSizeFont	getFont	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.LinearInt	getInt	Request()	State
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	null	Context	State
proguard.gui.splash.Timing	null	State	State
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	null	state	State
proguard.gui.splash.TypeWriterString	getString	Request()	State
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	null	Context	State
proguard.util.StringMatcher	null	State	State
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	null	state	State
proguard.io.DataEntryNameFilter	accepts	Request()	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	Context	State
proguard.io.DataEntryFilter	null	State	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	null	state	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	createDirectory	Request()	State
proguard.io.FilteredDataEntryWriter	getOutputStream	Request()	State
proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	null	Abstraction	Bridge
proguard.classfile.Member	null	Implementor	Bridge
proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	null	implementor	Bridge
proguard.classfile.constant.RefConstant	referencedMemberAccept	Operation()	Bridge
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.classfile.instruction.Instruction	write	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.classfile.LibraryMember	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.classfile.LibraryMember	accept	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.classfile.ProgramMember	accept	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	compareReverse	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	add	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	subtract	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	subtractFrom	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	multiply	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	divide	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	divideOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	remainder	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	remainderOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	compare	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.DoubleValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	compareReverse	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	add	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	subtract	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	subtractFrom	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	multiply	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	divide	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	divideOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	remainder	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	remainderOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	compare	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.FloatValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	notEqual	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	greaterThan	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	greaterThanOrEqual	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	add	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	subtract	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	subtractFrom	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	multiply	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	divide	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	divideOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	remainder	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	remainderOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeft	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRight	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRight	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeftOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeftOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	and	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	or	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	xor	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	equal	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	lessThan	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	lessThanOrEqual	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	add	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	subtract	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	subtractFrom	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	multiply	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	divide	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	divideOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	remainder	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	remainderOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeft	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRight	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRight	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeftOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftLeftOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	shiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	unsignedShiftRightOf	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	and	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	or	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	xor	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	equal	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	lessThan	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	lessThanOrEqual	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.evaluation.value.IntegerValue	generalize	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.WordReader	null	AbstractClass	Template Method
proguard.WordReader	nextWord	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.WordReader	locationDescription	TemplateMethod()	Template Method
proguard.classfile.attribute.BootstrapMethodsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.BootstrapMethodsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.ConstantValueAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.ConstantValueAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.DeprecatedAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.DeprecatedAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.DeprecatedAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.DeprecatedAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.EnclosingMethodAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.EnclosingMethodAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.ExceptionsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.InnerClassesAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.InnerClassesAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LineNumberTableAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LineNumberTableAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTableAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTableAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.LocalVariableTypeTableAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SignatureAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SignatureAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SignatureAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SignatureAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SourceDirAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SourceDirAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SourceFileAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SourceFileAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SyntheticAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SyntheticAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SyntheticAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.SyntheticAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.UnknownAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.UnknownAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.UnknownAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.UnknownAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.UnknownAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationDefaultAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationDefaultAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeInvisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.RuntimeVisibleParameterAnnotationsAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapTableAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.StackMapTableAttribute	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.ClassConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.ClassConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.DoubleConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.DoubleConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.FieldrefConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.FieldrefConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.FloatConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.FloatConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.IntegerConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.IntegerConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.InterfaceMethodrefConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.InterfaceMethodrefConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.InvokeDynamicConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.InvokeDynamicConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.LongConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.LongConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodHandleConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodHandleConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodTypeConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodTypeConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodrefConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.MethodrefConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.NameAndTypeConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.NameAndTypeConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.StringConstant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.StringConstant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.Utf8Constant	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.constant.Utf8Constant	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryClass	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramClass	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationElementValue	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.AnnotationElementValue	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ArrayElementValue	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ArrayElementValue	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ClassElementValue	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ClassElementValue	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ConstantElementValue	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.ConstantElementValue	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.EnumConstantElementValue	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.visitor.ElementValueVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.annotation.EnumConstantElementValue	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.DoubleType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.DoubleType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.DoubleType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.DoubleType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FloatType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FloatType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FloatType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FloatType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.IntegerType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.IntegerType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.IntegerType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.IntegerType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LongType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LongType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LongType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LongType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.NullType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.NullType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.NullType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.NullType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.ObjectType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.ObjectType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.ObjectType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.ObjectType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.TopType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.TopType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.TopType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.TopType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedThisType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedThisType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedThisType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedThisType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.VerificationTypeVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedType	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedType	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedType	stackAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.UninitializedType	variablesAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.ExceptionInfoVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	exceptionsAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	exceptionsAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.CodeAttribute	exceptionsAccept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FullFrame	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.StackMapFrameVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.FullFrame	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LessZeroFrame	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.StackMapFrameVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.LessZeroFrame	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.MoreZeroFrame	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.StackMapFrameVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.MoreZeroFrame	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.SameOneFrame	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.StackMapFrameVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.SameOneFrame	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.SameZeroFrame	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.visitor.StackMapFrameVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.attribute.preverification.SameZeroFrame	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.ConstantInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryField	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryField	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryMethod	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.LibraryMethod	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramField	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramField	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ProgramMethod	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.BranchInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.BranchInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.LookUpSwitchInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.LookUpSwitchInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.SimpleInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.TableSwitchInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.TableSwitchInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.instruction.VariableInstruction	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ClassPool	null	ConcreteElement	Visitor
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassPoolVisitor	null	Visitor	Visitor
proguard.classfile.ClassPool	accept	Accept()	Visitor
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.PeepholeOptimizer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.PeepholeOptimizer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionWriter	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionWriter	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.MethodInvocationFixer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerInvocationFixer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.DuplicateInitializerInvocationFixer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.StackSizeUpdater	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableEditor	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.VariableShrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.VariableShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.optimize.info.VariableUsageMarker	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.VariableShrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.peephole.VariableShrinker	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolShrinker	visitProgramClass	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.Utf8Shrinker	visitProgramClass	Request()	Proxy
proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.shrink.ClassShrinker	visitProgramClass	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolSorter	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolSorter	visitProgramClass	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.NameAndTypeShrinker	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.NameAndTypeShrinker	visitProgramClass	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionWriter	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionWriter	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.InstructionWriter	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitSimpleInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitVariableInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableSizeUpdater	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.ConstantPoolRemapper	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.optimize.evaluation.PartialEvaluator	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.evaluation.LivenessAnalyzer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	null	Proxy	Proxy
proguard.classfile.editor.VariableRemapper	null	RealSubject	Proxy
proguard.optimize.evaluation.VariableOptimizer	visitCodeAttribute	Request()	Proxy
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AllAttributeVisitor	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AttributeVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.AllAttributeVisitor	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.visitor.ReferencedClassVisitor	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.visitor.ClassVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.visitor.ReferencedClassVisitor	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.util.MemberFinder	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.visitor.MemberVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodFinalizer	visitProgramMethod	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeEditor	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.BranchTargetFinder	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.GotoCommonCodeReplacer	visitBranchInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.editor.CodeAttributeComposer	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.TailRecursionSimplifier	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.attribute.visitor.StackSizeComputer	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.info.AccessMethodMarker	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.instruction.visitor.InstructionVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	Proxy	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.optimize.peephole.MethodInliner	visitConstantInstruction	Request()	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantTagFilter	null	RealSubject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantVisitor	null	Subject	Proxy2
proguard.classfile.constant.visitor.ConstantTagFilter	null	subject	Proxy2
proguard.WordReader	null	Handler	Chain of Responsibility
proguard.WordReader	null	successor	Chain of Responsibility
