examples.src.main.ftpserver.DataServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Brain Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BlockingClientHandler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.util.pool.thread.ClientPool	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.logging.SimpleTextFormatter	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.DefaultDataMode	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.DefaultDataMode	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echoserver.MyTestClientThread	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echoserver.MyTestClientThread	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echoserver.MyTestClientThread	Data Class
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QSAdminServerConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QSAdminServerConfig	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QSAdminServerConfig	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QSAdminServerConfig	Tradition Breaker
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Brain Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.NonBlockingClientHandler	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.CmdConsole	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.Propertie	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.Propertie	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.Propertie	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.Propertie	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.QSAdminShell	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.JFrameUtilities	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.JFrameUtilities	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.JFrameUtilities	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.JFrameUtilities	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.JFrameUtilities	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Brain Method
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatWindow	God Class
examples.src.main.xmladder.LoadTest	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.xmladder.LoadTest	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.MaskingThread	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.InfiniteProgressPanel	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.InfiniteProgressPanel	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echowebserver.EchoWSData	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminMain	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.echoserver.TestEchoServerReadLine	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echoserver.TestEchoServerReadLine	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.cmdserver.CmdCommandHandler	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.cmdserver.CmdCommandHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.logging.SimpleJDKLoggingHook	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.logging.SimpleJDKLoggingHook	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickServer	Brain Class
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.BasicServerConfig	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.BasicServerConfig	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.BasicServerConfig	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.AccessConstraintConfig	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.ChatAuthenticator	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ClientHandlerObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ClientHandlerObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.ClientHandler	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ObjectPoolConfig	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferOutputStream	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferOutputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.ByteBufferOutputStream	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.logging.MicroFormatter	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echowebserver.EchoWSCommandHandler	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.xmladder.XmlAdderClient	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.xmladder.XmlAdderClient	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.PasswordField	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.util.io.PasswordField	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ThreadObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ThreadObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QuickServerConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QuickServerConfig	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QuickServerConfig	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QuickServerConfig	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.QuickServerConfig	Tradition Breaker
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ByteBufferObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ByteBufferObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.echoserver.EchoAuthenticatorHandler	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.security.SecureStoreManager	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.security.SecureStoreManager	Intensive Coupling
examples.src.main.echoserver.EchoServerAuthenticatorDBBased	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.ClassUtil	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.ftpserver.QSAdminCommandPlugin	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ClientDataObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ClientDataObjectPoolConfig	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Intensive Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.GhostSocketReaper	Brain Class
src.main.org.quickserver.util.pool.thread.ClientThread	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.pool.thread.ClientThread	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.util.pool.thread.ClientThread	Intensive Coupling
src.test.org.quickserver.net.server.SimpleServerBlockTest	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.InfiniteProgressPanel$Animator	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	God Class
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.ChatRoom	Data Class
examples.src.main.pipeserver.PipeServer	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.ChatMessaging	Intensive Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.ChatMessaging	Intensive Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.ChatMessaging	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminGUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminGUI	Brain Method
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminGUI	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminGUI	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.QSAdminGUI	Dispersed Coupling
examples.src.main.chatserver.TestClientThread	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.TestClientThread	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.TestClientThread	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BasicClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BasicClientHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.BasicClientHandler	God Class
src.main.org.quickserver.swing.SensitiveInput	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.OptimisticClientIdentifier	Refused Parent Bequest
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.HeaderPanel	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.PoolConfig	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.PoolConfig	Shotgun Surgery
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.PoolConfig	Shotgun Surgery
examples.src.main.chatserver.client.UserListListener	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.SaveActionListener	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.QuickAuthenticator	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ConfigReader	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.util.xmlreader.ConfigReader	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.client.BlockingClient	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.client.BlockingClient	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.server.impl.DefaultClientEventHandler	Feature Envy
examples.src.main.chatserver.ChatCommandHandler	Feature Envy
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.MainCommandPanel	Dispersed Coupling
src.main.org.quickserver.net.qsadmin.gui.MainCommandPanel	Feature Envy
