src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AIdBasic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Start	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.DepthFirstAdapter	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Intensive Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Intensive Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Intensive Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Brain Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveTransformIds	Data Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.LR0Collection	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ACharChar	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleListTerm	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleListTerm	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleListTerm	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleListTerm	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.APlusUnOp	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.PrettyPrinter	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.PrettyPrinter	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.PrettyPrinter	Data Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenUtils	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AHelperDef	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AStringBasic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AElem	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAltTransform	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAltTransform	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAltTransform	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ATokenDef	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ATokenDef	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.In_Production$In_Alternative	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenAlts	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenAlts	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.ReversedDepthFirstAdapter	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TBlank	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TBlank	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AStateList	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AStateList	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TPkgId	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TPkgId	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AltTransformAdapter	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AltTransformAdapter	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AltTransformAdapter	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Node	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ANewTerm	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ANewTerm	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ACharBasic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.EOF	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AQMarkUnOp	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.lexer.Lexer	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.lexer.Lexer	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.lexer.Lexer	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.lexer.Lexer	Brain Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAlt	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAlt	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAlt	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAlt	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAlt	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Transitions	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Transitions	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AListTerm	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AListTerm	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.RecursiveProductionsDetections	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.RecursiveProductionsDetections	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.DFA	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.DFA	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.DFA	Data Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAltIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAltIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.THexChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.THexChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenerateAlternativeCodeForParser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AIntervalSet	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleTerm	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleTerm	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleTerm	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASimpleTerm	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenLexer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenLexer	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenLexer	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeInlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeInlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenTokens	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Switchable	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Production	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Production	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TDecChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TDecChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TId	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TId	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenParser	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TString	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TString	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TChar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AddProdTransformAndAltTransform	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AddProdTransformAndAltTransform	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AddProdTransformAndAltTransform	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAstIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAstIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAstIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveAstIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveProdTransformIds	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveProdTransformIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenAnalyses	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.GenAnalyses	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.IntSet	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeSimpleTermPosition	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAstAlt	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.Token	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ResolveIds	Data Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ANewListTerm	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ANewListTerm	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AAstProd	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ASetBasic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.InternalTransformationsToGrammar	Brain Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeCGNomenclature	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeCGNomenclature	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeCGNomenclature	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ComputeCGNomenclature	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TComment	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.TComment	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.SableCC	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.SableCC	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.SableCC	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.SableCC	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.SableCC	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.AddEventualEmptyTransformationToProductions	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.CharSet	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.CharSet	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.CharSet	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AHexChar	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AStateListTail	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.analysis.AnalysisAdapter	Data Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.parser.Parser	Brain Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AStarUnOp	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Inlining	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Grammar	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProd	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ADecChar	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.LR1Item	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AUnExp	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.MacroExpander	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.MacroExpander	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProdName	Shotgun Surgery
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AProdName	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ARegExpBasic	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AGrammar	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AGrammar	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AOperationSet	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.AOperationSet	Tradition Breaker
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.node.ATransition	Refused Parent Bequest
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.Symbol	Feature Envy
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.ConstructNFA	God Class
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.LR1Collection	Brain Method
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.LR1Collection	Dispersed Coupling
src.org.sablecc.sablecc.LR1ItemSet	Dispersed Coupling
