org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	Brain Class
org.apache.commons.io.input.Tailer	Brain Method
org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	Brain Method
org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	Brain Method
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Data Class
org.apache.commons.io.IOUtils	Data Class
org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.HexDump	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.XmlStreamReader	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.ReaderInputStream	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.output.WriterOutputStream	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.Tailer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.ReversedLinesFileReader	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.input.BOMInputStream	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.input.ReversedLinesFileReader	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.input.XmlStreamReader	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileCleaningTracker	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.input.ReaderInputStream	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.Charsets	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.output.ByteArrayOutputStream	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.output.ByteArrayOutputStream	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.output.LockableFileWriter	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.IOUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.comparator.ExtensionFileComparator	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.input.ClassLoaderObjectInputStream	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.ByteOrderFactory	Feature Envy
org.apache.commons.io.FileSystemUtils	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.input.XmlStreamReader	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.filefilter.FileFilterUtils	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.input.Tailer	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.monitor.FileAlterationObserver	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.IOUtils	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	God Class
org.apache.commons.io.output.XmlStreamWriter	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.FileUtils	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.Tailer	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.FilenameUtils	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.commons.io.input.SwappedDataInputStream	Refused Bequest
org.apache.commons.io.input.BOMInputStream	Refused Bequest
org.apache.commons.io.filefilter.AndFileFilter	Refused Bequest
org.apache.commons.io.filefilter.OrFileFilter	Refused Bequest
org.apache.commons.io.input.ObservableInputStream	Refused Bequest
org.apache.commons.io.output.DeferredFileOutputStream	Refused Bequest