org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Brain Class
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Brain Class
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Brain Class
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Brain Class
org.apache.log4j.spi.LocationInfo	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.xml.XMLLayout	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppender	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.pattern.NameAbbreviator	Brain Method
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Data Class
org.apache.log4j.spi.NOPLogger	Data Class
org.apache.log4j.pattern.CachedDateFormat	Data Class
org.apache.log4j.jmx.LayoutDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.LayoutDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.SortedKeyEnumeration	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.rewrite.ReflectionRewritePolicy	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.spi.LocationInfo	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.BridgePatternConverter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketNode	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.Loader	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.LogEvent	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PropertiesPatternConverter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.DefaultThrowableRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketServer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.LoggerDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.Hierarchy	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.config.PropertyPrinter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.or.ThreadGroupRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.TelnetAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.config.PropertyGetter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.RollingFileAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.varia.FallbackErrorHandler	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.EnhancedThrowableRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AppenderDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AppenderDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AppenderDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.config.PropertySetter	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AbstractDynamicMBean	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.varia.HUP	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppender	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.or.sax.AttributesRenderer	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.MDCKeySetExtractor	Dispersed Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSSink	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSSink	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Logger	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Logger	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.NamePatternConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.or.jms.MessageRenderer	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.RollingCalendar	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.SimpleLayout	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.varia.Roller	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.varia.Roller	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PropertiesPatternConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketServer	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.nt.NTEventLogAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Hierarchy	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Hierarchy	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Hierarchy	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.xml.SAXErrorHandler	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.LevelPatternConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Category	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Category	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Category	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Category	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.Category	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.LogXF	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.jdbc.JDBCAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.jdbc.JDBCAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.xml.Log4jEntityResolver	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.ClassNamePatternConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.varia.FallbackErrorHandler	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.PatternParser	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.LogMF	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.helpers.DateTimeDateFormat	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.ConsoleAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AbstractDynamicMBean	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AbstractDynamicMBean	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.CachedDateFormat	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.CachedDateFormat	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.AppenderSkeleton	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.or.sax.AttributesRenderer	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.net.SimpleSocketServer	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.jmx.HierarchyDynamicMBean	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.FormattingInfo	Feature Envy
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	God Class
org.apache.log4j.xml.DOMConfigurator	God Class
org.apache.log4j.pattern.LogEvent	God Class
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	God Class
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	God Class
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	God Class
org.apache.log4j.Hierarchy	God Class
org.apache.log4j.Category	God Class
org.apache.log4j.WriterAppender	God Class
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	God Class
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	God Class
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	God Class
org.apache.log4j.LogMF	God Class
org.apache.log4j.LogSF	God Class
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppender	God Class
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.PatternParser	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.or.jms.MessageRenderer	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.AbsoluteTimeDateFormat	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.rewrite.PropertyRewritePolicy	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.PropertyConfigurator	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.ISO8601DateFormat	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jdbc.JDBCAppender	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.TTCCLayout	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.OptionConverter	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.helpers.SyslogWriter	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.NDC	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.xml.XMLLayout	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.rewrite.MapRewritePolicy	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.HierarchyDynamicMBean	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.HTMLLayout	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.pattern.FormattingInfo	Intensive Coupling
org.apache.log4j.jmx.LayoutDynamicMBean	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.rewrite.RewriteAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.helpers.DateLayout	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.DailyRollingFileAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.Level	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.nt.NTEventLogAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.jmx.LoggerDynamicMBean	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.jdbc.JDBCAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.WriterAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.TTCCLayout	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.RollingFileAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.spi.NOPLogger	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.LogMF	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.jmx.AppenderDynamicMBean	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.LogSF	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.ConsoleAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.FileAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.net.JMSAppender	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.jmx.HierarchyDynamicMBean	Refused Bequest
org.apache.log4j.Priority	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Priority	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Category	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Category	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Category	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Category	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.ErrorHandler	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.spi.LoggingEvent	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.Appender	Shotgun Surgery
org.apache.log4j.helpers.DateLayout	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.net.SyslogAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.WriterAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.net.SocketHubAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.net.SMTPAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.AsyncAppender	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.LogMF	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.LogSF	Tradition Breaker
org.apache.log4j.jmx.HierarchyDynamicMBean	Tradition Breaker