ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Brain Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.kmeans_for_fournier08.AlgoKMeans_forFournier08	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori.AlgoApriori	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.pascal.AlgoPASCAL	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_stats.SequenceStatsGenerator	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.relim.AlgoRelim	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.MSApriori	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_rare.AlgoAprioriRare	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_HT	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoTKS	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoTKS	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoSPAM	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_inverse.AlgoAprioriInverse	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_converter.TransactionDatabaseConverter	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hmine.AlgoHMine	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.AlgoTwoPhase	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.candidatePatternsGeneration	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoHUIMiner	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.vme.AlgoVME	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.fhsar.AlgoFHSAR	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_close.AlgoAprioriClose	Brain Method
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Data Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed_optimized.AlgoDCI_Closed_Optimized	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.kmeans_for_fournier08.AlgoKMeans_forFournier08	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.MNRRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.closedrules.AlgoClosedRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_generator.TransactionDatabaseGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori.AlgoApriori	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.pascal.AlgoPASCAL	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AlgoAgrawalFaster94	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.AlgoDim	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.kmeans_for_fournier08.AlgoKMeansWithSupport	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.dataStructures	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed.AlgoDCI_Closed	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed.AlgoDCI_Closed	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_stats.SequenceStatsGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.resultConverter	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.relim.AlgoRelim	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.IGB	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.IGB	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.MSApriori	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.defme.AlgoDefMe	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.defme.AlgoDefMe	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.defme.AlgoDefMe	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_rare.AlgoAprioriRare	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_HT	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoTKS	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.AlgoFPGrowth_Strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.AlgoFPGrowth_Strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoSPAM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoSPAM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_inverse.AlgoAprioriInverse	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.MDSequenceDatabase	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.hierarchical_clustering.AlgoHierarchicalClustering	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.hierarchical_clustering.AlgoHierarchicalClustering	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_converter.TransactionDatabaseConverter	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hmine.AlgoHMine	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoBIDEPlus	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoBIDEPlus	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharmMFI	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_generator.SequenceDatabaseGenerator	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.candidatePatternsGeneration	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoHUIMiner	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.dataStructures	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.AlgoSeqDim	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.AlgoSeqDim	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.vme.AlgoVME	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.fhsar.AlgoFHSAR	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegen.AlgoRuleGen	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.MDPatterns	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_close.AlgoAprioriClose	Dispersed Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.classifiers.decisiontree.id3.AlgoID3	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoDEclat	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed_optimized.AlgoDCI_Closed_Optimized	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed_optimized.AlgoDCI_Closed_Optimized	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed_optimized.AlgoDCI_Closed_Optimized	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.MNRRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.MNRRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.closedrules.AlgoClosedRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.IEPositionList	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.IEPositionList	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.AbstractItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.AbstractItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.AbstractItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.input.transaction_database_list_integers.TransactionDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.kmeans.AlgoKMeans	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequence	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.Prefix	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoDCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoDCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoDCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori.AlgoApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.FPTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.FPTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoAprioriTID_forCMRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.pascal.AlgoPASCAL	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.kmeans_for_fournier08.Cluster	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AlgoAgrawalFaster94	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AlgoAgrawalFaster94	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AlgoAgrawalFaster94	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AlgoAgrawalFaster94	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.AlgoDim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.AlgoDim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.ItemsetsTP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.dataStructures	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed.AlgoDCI_Closed	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed.AlgoDCI_Closed	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.MISTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.MISTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.MISTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.MISTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.uapriori.ItemsetUApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.resultConverter	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.estDec	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.estDec	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.HashTableIT	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.HashTableIT	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.MDPatternsDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids_bitset.Itemsets	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.relim.AlgoRelim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.IGB	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.IGB	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.MSApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.MSApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.rule_itemset_array_integer_with_count.Rules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.rule_itemset_array_integer_with_count.Rules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.rule_itemset_array_integer_with_count.Rules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.defme.AlgoDefMe	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTopSeqRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_rare.AlgoAprioriRare	Feature Envy
com.taj.caller.AnalyseFP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_HT	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoDEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoDEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoDEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.AlgoFPGrowth_Strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.AlgoFPGrowth_Strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_HT	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.triangularmatrix.SparseTriangularMatrix	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.triangularmatrix.SparseTriangularMatrix	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.triangularmatrix.SparseTriangularMatrix	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.MainBinaryTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoSPAM	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_inverse.AlgoAprioriInverse	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.hierarchical_clustering.AlgoHierarchicalClustering	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.hierarchical_clustering.AlgoHierarchicalClustering	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.clustering.hierarchical_clustering.AlgoHierarchicalClustering	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_converter.TransactionDatabaseConverter	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_converter.TransactionDatabaseConverter	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hmine.AlgoHMine	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.RedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.uapriori.AlgoUApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth.AlgoFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.estDec	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharmMFI	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.uapriori.ItemsetsUApriori	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.eclat.AlgoEclat_Bitset	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AssocRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AssocRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.agrawal94_association_rules.AssocRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.FPTree_Strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.fpgrowth_with_strings.FPTree_Strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.rule_itemset_array_integer_with_count.Rule	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.AlgoTwoPhase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoHUIMiner	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoHUIMiner	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.SequenceDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.AlgoSeqDim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.AlgoSeqDim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.AlgoSeqDim	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequences	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sort.MainTestSelect	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.ArraysAlgos	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.ArraysAlgos	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.ArraysAlgos	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures.Sequences	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.vme.AlgoVME	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_strings.SequenceDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_strings.SequenceDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.cfpgrowth.AlgoCFPGrowth	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.cluster.Cluster	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.cluster.Cluster	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.cluster.Cluster	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.triangularmatrix.TriangularMatrix	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.fhsar.AlgoFHSAR	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.uapriori.UncertainTransactionDatabase	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegen.AlgoRuleGen	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegen.AlgoRuleGen	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegen.AlgoRuleGen	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.MDPatterns	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.ResetPaths	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.redblacktree.MainRedBlackTree	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.MDSequences	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalsequentialpatterns.MDSequences	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.UtilityTransactionDatabaseTP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.UtilityTransactionDatabaseTP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_close.AlgoAprioriClose	Feature Envy
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.binarytree.BinaryTree	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.PseudoSequence	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori.AlgoApriori	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.pascal.AlgoPASCAL	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_rare.AlgoAprioriRare	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hui_miner.AlgoFHM	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_HT	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_inverse.AlgoAprioriInverse	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoBIDEPlus	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.kdtree.KDTree	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.gui.MainWindow	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.ArraysAlgos	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.apriori_close.AlgoAprioriClose	God Class
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed_optimized.AlgoDCI_Closed_Optimized	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.MNRRules	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.PseudoSequence	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.topseqrules_and_tns.AlgoTNS	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.lapin.AlgoLAPIN_LCI	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequence	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoAprioriTID_forCMRules	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.multidimensionalpatterns.AlgoDim	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVGEN	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.dataStructures	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTIDClose	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.dci_closed.AlgoDCI_Closed	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.clostream.AlgoCloSteam	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.charm.AlgoCharm_Bitset	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.relim.AlgoRelim	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.goKrimp	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth_with_strings.AlgoTRuleGrowth_withStrings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoTKS	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoTKS	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoVMSP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.datastructures.triangularmatrix.SparseTriangularMatrix	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoSPAM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.dataset_converter.TransactionDatabaseConverter	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.hmine.AlgoHMine	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.trulegrowth.AlgoTRuleGrowth	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoBIDEPlus	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.rulegrowth.AlgoRULEGROWTH	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.zart.AlgoZart	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.AlgoCMSPAM	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.AlgoTwoPhase	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.two_phase.AlgoTwoPhase	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.candidatePatternsGeneration	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmrules.AlgoCMRules	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.SequenceDatabase	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.Indirect	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequences	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.aprioriTID	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.vme.AlgoVME	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequential_rules.cmdeogun.AlgoCMDeogun	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP.idLists	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.associationrules.TopKRules_and_TNR	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.prefixSpan_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.gsp_AGP	Intensive Coupling
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan_with_strings	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoPrefixSpanMDSPM	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.MemoryEfficientItemsetTree	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoFournierViger08	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.AlgoBIDEPlus	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_count.Itemset	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids.Itemset	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.ItemValued	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.frequentpatterns.itemsettree.ItemsetTree	Refused Bequest
ca.pfv.spmf.input.transaction_database_list_integers.TransactionDatabase	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.transaction_database_list_integers.TransactionDatabase	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.Prefix	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.Prefix	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.Prefix	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spade_spam_AGP	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_integers.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_integers.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.MemoryLogger	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.MemoryLogger	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.tools.MemoryLogger	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_integers.SequenceDatabase	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_integers.SequenceDatabase	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_integers.SequenceDatabase	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.spam.Bitmap	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.AbstractOrderedItemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.AbstractOrderedItemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_count.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_count.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_tids.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.ItemSimple	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.patterns.itemset_array_integers_with_count.Itemsets	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP.dataStructures	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clasp_AGP	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.fournier2008_seqdim.Itemset	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.clospan_AGP	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_strings.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.input.sequence_database_list_strings.Sequence	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery
ca.pfv.spmf.algorithms.sequentialpatterns.BIDE_and_prefixspan	Shotgun Surgery